<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8' ?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
    "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
    <title>Page 24</title>
    <style type="text/css">
        body {
            font-family: sans-serif;
            margin: 2em;
        }
        h1, h2 {
            text-align: center;
            font-weight: normal;
        }
        .section {
            margin-bottom: 2em;
        }
        .right {
            text-align: right;
        }
    </style>
</head>
<body>
    <div class="section">
        <h1>Dave Schembri</h1>
        <p>Dave Schembri was a good Captain both on the field, where he led by example, and socially. For the 2 years he was Captain he had a task which became increasingly difficult as the number of players fell, games became fewer, and morale suffered accordingly. From his early days with the Club when he wrote an article in the Times of Malta (History of the Club, page 130) called 'Rugby is a Fascinating Game', and later as Liaison Government Schools, he did his utmost to build a side for the future (page 155). Right to the end he fought to keep Overseas alive and for the game to continue in Malta. Perhaps he will succeed with the latter.</p>
        <p>From watching David play rugby in Malta, it is my belief that, if he had played for a UK team such as Moseley, with their high standard of players, opposition and training, he would have been a class player. Nevertheless, David really enjoyed his rugby.</p>

        <p>Member of Club, 1974 <span class="right">8 years</span><br/>
        Liaison Government Schools, 1977/78<br/>
        Hon. Membership Secretary, 1978/80 <span class="right">2 years</span><br/>
        Hon. Social Secretary, 1978/79<br/>
        Team Captain, 1978/80 <span class="right">2 years</span><br/>
        Caretaker Committee, October, 1980, to January, 1982<br/>
        Most Improved Player of the Year, 1974/75</p>
    </div>

    <div class="section">
        <h1>Charles Borda</h1>
        <p>For most of his 8 years with the Club Charlie Borda was either Bar Manager or served as a Volunteer Barman. In this he gave valuable service to Overseas especially as from at least 1979 onwards the Club House was a vital link in holding Members, and so the Club, together. Charles, together with his wife Doris, organised the last two Annual Dinner Dances held by the Club.</p>
        <p>Charlie's dedication and hard work as Bar Manager was matched only by his love for the game of rugby, and his keenness for anything appertaining to it. He also worked hard to stave off the inevitable closure.</p>

        <p>Member of Club, 1974 <span class="right">8 years</span><br/>
        Bar Manager, 1978/80 <span class="right">2 years</span><br/>
        Caretaker Committee, October, 1980, to January, 1982</p>
    </div>

    <div class="section">
        <h2>CLOSING COMMITTEE</h2>
        <p>In the main History of Overseas I named the first Officials of the Club. Now, to close the final Chapter, I will list those Officials who served Overseas at the end.</p>

        <p>C. Fox &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Chairman and Administrator<br/>
        J. Sharp &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Vice President - Life Member, and aptly named 'Patron' of Overseas<br/>
        T. Agius-Ferrante &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Hon. Treasurer<br/>
        G. Attard &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Hon. Secretary</p>

        <p>Committee Members:- D. Schembri, C. Borda, J. Micallef, C. Muck, J. Young, L. Vella Brincat and D. Gribbon.</p>

        <p>The longer serving members I have previously mentioned at length. Space does not allow more to be said about the other Committee Members but all served Overseas well and helped to lay a great Club to rest in 'grand style and with dignity'.</p>
    </div>
</body>
</html>

