<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
    <title>Membership Form for Season 1960/61</title>
    <style type="text/css">
        body { font-family: monospace; }
        .center { text-align: center; }
        .underline { text-decoration: underline; }
        .bold { font-weight: bold; }
        .right { float: right; }
        .line { display: block; border-bottom: 1px solid black; margin-bottom: 1em; }
    </style>
</head>
<body>

<div class="center bold underline">COPY OF A MEMBERSHIP FORM FOR SEASON 1960/61</div>

<div class="center bold underline">THE "OVERSEAS" RUGBY FOOTBALL CLUB</div>

<div class="center bold underline">SEASON 1960/61</div>

<div class="center bold underline">APPLICATION FOR MEMBERSHIP</div>

<p>To: Mr. C. Vivian Morris,<br/>
   Honorary Secretary,<br/>
   Overseas Rugby Football Club,<br/>
   'Carson',<br/>
   Depiro Street,<br/>
   Sliema<span class="right">Telephone: Sliema 2892</span></p>

<p>NAME <span class="line"></span> SHIP/UNIT <span class="line"></span></p>

<p>ADDRESS <span class="line"></span></p>

<p>Phone No. at which I can be contacted <span class="line"></span></p>

<p>* Please enrol me as a <span class="bold underline">FULL</span> Member of the Overseas Rugby Football Club.
   Enclosed please find 10/- (ten shillings) subscription for this season.</p>

<p>* Please enrol me as a <span class="bold underline">TEMPORARY</span> Member of the O.R.F.C. I hereby 
   agree to pay 2/- (two shillings) for each game in which I participate.</p>

<p>* Please enrol me as a <span class="bold underline">NON-PLAYING</span> Member of the O.R.F.C. I 
   enclose 5/- (five shillings) subscription for this year.</p>

<p>* <span class="bold underline">PLEASE STRIKE OUT THOSE WHICH DO NOT APPLY</span></p>

<p>2 I am available to play on Saturday/Sunday subject to reasonable notification.</p>

<p>3 My normal position is <span class="line"></span> 
   But I also play at <span class="line"></span></p>

<p>4 In the event of the Club running a Saturday and Sunday XV, I would prefer 
   to play for the <span class="line"></span>XV.</p>

<p>Signed: <span class="line"></span></p>

</body>
</html>

