<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN" 
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
    <title>Production, Assembly and Distribution of This History</title>
    <style type="text/css">
        body {
            font-family: "Times New Roman", serif;
            margin: 2em;
        }
        h1 {
            text-align: center;
            font-size: 1.5em;
            margin-bottom: 0;
        }
        hr {
            width: 50%;
            margin-top: 0;
        }
        .section {
            margin-top: 2em;
        }
        .contact {
            margin-top: 1em;
        }
        .address-line {
            text-decoration: line-through;
        }
    </style>
</head>
<body>
    <h1>PRODUCTION, ASSEMBLY AND<br />DISTRIBUTION OF THIS HISTORY</h1>
    <hr />
    <div class="section">
        <p>
            <strong>Mrs. Doris Borda</strong><br />
            Very Special Thanks for typing, duplicating and numerous connected tasks
        </p>
        <p>
            <strong>Mr. &amp; Mrs. T. Ricketts<br />Mr. &amp; Mrs. E. Macpherson</strong><br />
            Proof Reading
        </p>
        <p>
            <strong>Mr. M. Crossfield</strong><br />
            Distribution
        </p>
        <p>
            <strong>Mr. M. Holland (Tal Handaq)</strong><br />
            Design for cover
        </p>
    </div>
    <div class="section">
        <p>
            Thanks are due also to Andrews Feeds Malta Limited for providing facilities for typing, duplicating, compiling, etc. 
            Also to Mr. J.R. Debattista for his help with Lux Press on the printing of photos, binding, cover, etc. 
            and to Mr C.J. Andrews for general supervision of production.
        </p>
    </div>
    <div class="section">
        <strong>Further Copies of the History</strong><br />
        Please contact the Author, N.C. Morgan of:
        <div class="contact">
            <p class="address-line">15, West Park Avenue,</p>
            <p>Newby, Scarborough,<br />Yorkshire, YO12 6HH<br />U.K.</p>
            <p>
                MR &amp; MRS N.C. MORGAN<br />
                37 KELD CLOSE<br />
                NEWBY, SCARBOROUGH<br />
                N. YORKS YO12 6UF<br />
                TELEPHONE 01723 363162
            </p>
        </div>
    </div>
    <hr />
</body>
</html>

