<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <title>Page 71</title>
  <style type="text/css">
    body { font-family: monospace; }
    .title { font-weight: bold; text-align: center; }
    .heading { font-weight: bold; text-decoration: underline; }
    .content { margin-left: 2em; }
    .small-indent { margin-left: 1em; }
    .large-indent { margin-left: 3em; }
  </style>
</head>
<body>
  <div class="title">71</div>

  <div class="heading">OVERSEAS PLAYERS - LIST OF APPEARANCES DURING SEASON 1967/68</div>
  <div class="content">
    <div>30<span class="small-indent">Jackson; Handford</span></div>
    <div>27<span class="small-indent">Why</span></div>
    <div>26<span class="small-indent">Miller</span></div>
    <div>24<span class="small-indent">Brown</span></div>
    <div>22<span class="small-indent">Rice; McClure</span></div>
    <div>21<span class="small-indent">Barnes</span></div>
    <div>20<span class="small-indent">Henshall; Wirth</span></div>
    <div>18<span class="small-indent">Parker (Peter); Brookes; Hamilton-Hill; Loeman</span></div>
    <div>15<span class="small-indent">Ricketts</span></div>
    <div>14<span class="small-indent">Ravenscroft</span></div>
    <div>11<span class="small-indent">Letman</span></div>
    <div>10<span class="small-indent">Grey; Perkins</span></div>
    <div>8<span class="small-indent">Evans</span></div>
    <div>7<span class="small-indent">Armstrong</span></div>
    <div>5<span class="small-indent">Wile; Grimson</span></div>
    <div>4<span class="small-indent">Mothersole; Symes; Nicholson</span></div>
    <div>3<span class="small-indent">Charlton; Quinn; Eddington; Parker(Phil); Willett</span></div>
    <div>2<span class="small-indent">Earnshaw; Gill; Donegan; Squires; Dewar; Nickolas</span></div>
    <div>1<span class="small-indent">Harris; Trow; Howard; Turner; Sinclair; Coates;</span></div>
    <div class="large-indent">Dykes; Richards; Lewis; Carter; Rae; Adams;</div>
    <div class="large-indent">A.N. Other; A.N. Other.</div>
  </div>

  <div class="content">51 Players turned out for the Club</div>

  <div class="heading">PLAYING RECORD FOR 1967/68</div>
  <div class="content">
    P30 - W19 - L9 - D2 Points for 434 Against 193
  </div>

  <div class="heading">SOCIAL EVENTS 1967/68</div>
  <div class="content">
    <p>The Social life of the Club during the 1967/68 season was very full and very successful. With three sides to entertain over the Easter period, a Sub-Committee was formed in January, 1968, to organize fund raising and entertainment. Initially, the Sub-Committee members were Messrs P. Parker(Chairman), B.S. Jackson; T.N. Ricketts; C. Rice and C. Brown. Unfortunately, Peter Parker was away from Malta for 7 weeks at the vital time and Colin Brown took over as Hon. Social Secretary and Chairman of the Sub-Committee.</p>

    <p>Various functions were organized to raise cash. Members who made the trip to Messina were asked to pay £4. each into the Tour Fund. All members of the Club were asked to donate to the Tour Fund and their donations were added to a Subscription List. The General Committee agreed that the Overseas Club should pay up to £100 towards tour expenses, and that any excess in fund raising to be kept in reserve for future tours.</p>

    <p>The hard work by Colin Brown and his Sub-Committee, Social and General Committees, and the response to all appeals and functions organized by the Committees was tremendous and helped to assure the success of the Tours to Malta. Quoting from the President, Mr. J.P. Ratcliffe, 'Of course, tours of this kind cannot exist without organization, and here I would like to put on record my very sincere thanks to those members of the Committee who gave up so much of their time to help. Our Secretary, Norman Morgan, who organized both our trips to Sicily and the return visits. The Special Social Committee of Colin Brown, Trevor Ricketts, Charlie Rice, and Bar Manager,</p>
  </div>
</body>
</html>

