<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN" 
    "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
    <title>Playing Season</title>
    <style type="text/css">
        body {
            font-family: Arial, sans-serif;
            margin-left: 2em;
            margin-right: 2em;
        }
        .center {
            text-align: center;
        }
        .right {
            text-align: right;
        }
        .section-title {
            text-transform: uppercase;
            font-weight: bold;
        }
    </style>
</head>
<body>

<p class="right">28</p>

<h1 class="center">Playing Season</h1>

<p>Permission was given by the R.A.F. for Overseas to use the grounds and changing facilities at Ta' Qali for the 1959/60 season. The season started with a trial at Hal Far on the 28th October. The first game took place at Ta' Qali on the 21st November against the Nomads with Overseas the victors by 6 points to 3 and the final game was on the 5th March when Overseas drew 6-6 with H.M.S. Ark Royal.</p>

<p>From the playing point of view the season was not a success. At a meeting on the 14th December, 1959, the Committee stated how perturbed they were at the continuing losses on the field. In the words of the Hon. Secretary, the Club had taken a pounding on the field of play and it was especially disappointing as the objects of the Club had been adhered to more so than previously. The dearth of playing members was mentioned. It was decided to play all games on a Sunday. This meant that members who were in the Services could play for Overseas regularly and so we could put out a stronger side. Most Service games have always been during the week or on a Saturday. The leading scorer for the season was Geoff Rushworth and this with only 15 points, i.e., 4 tries and one penalty. As a winger of some repute Geoff must rarely have seen the ball except in defence.</p>

<p>The opponents of the 1959/60 season were as follows:--</p>

<ul>
    <li>35 Squadron (R.A.F.), Nomads, Hawks (Small units R.A.F.) H.M.S. Ausonia (Depot Ship), H.M.S. Forth (Depot Ship), H.M.S. Falcon (Hal Far), Forts, Royal Fusiliers, 22<sup>l</sup> Squadron (R.A.F.),</li>
    <li>45 Cdo R.M., H.M.S. Daring and H.M.S. Ark Royal. The main point is that at least eight of these teams were resident in Malta at that time and our fixture list has always been based on this. Possibly also one or both of the above mentioned R.A.F. squadrons were based in Malta at the time. Most certainly it was not as impressive a list as at 1946/47, when the Club first started, but the number became less as the years passed and more British Servicemen were withdrawn.</li>
</ul>

<p class="section-title">Playing Record for 1959/60</p>
<p>Pld 16 - W 2 - L 11 - D 3 &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Points for 60 &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Against 282</p>

<h1 class="center">Social Events</h1>

<p>Two dances were held during the 1959/60 season at the Phoenicia Hotel. Once again a great deal of hard work by the Social Secretary, Mrs. M. Rushworth, and the Social Committee, Messrs D. Milton, C. Easter and D. Isted. Bad attendance and profit tax cut down profit on the two dances to £5. At this stage in the Club's life one must realize that dances were run, not only for the social side, but also to help to keep the Club solvent. Later in its history the Club could afford to subsidise a dance if necessary. At the end of the season the credit balance of the Club stood at £45.16s</p>

<p>Two very hard working and valuable members of the Club, Geoff Rushworth, Club House Manager, and Margaret Rushworth, Social Secretary, left Malta during the summer of 1960. Both had given a great deal of time and effort into organising social events during the 1959/60 season, and Margaret had served on the Social Committee during the 1958/59 season.</p>

</body>
</html>

