<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
    "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
    <title>Part I - The Formation of Overseas R.F.C.</title>
    <style type="text/css">
        body { font-family: 'Times New Roman', serif; }
        h1 { text-align: center; }
        h2 { text-align: center; text-transform: uppercase; }
        p { text-align: justify; margin-bottom: 1em; }
    </style>
</head>
<body>

<h1>Part I</h1>
<h2>The Formation of Overseas R.F.C.</h2>

<p>The idea of forming a civilian rugby club in 1946 was first mooted by sportsmen who were attached to, or associated with, what was then the naval 'Dockyard', and details of its beginning come mainly from two of its founder members, Mr Trevor Lewis and Lt. Cdr. R. Meredith (Rtd). Trevor claims to be the original member of Overseas. A civilian with Admiralty, he arrived in Malta in February, 1946, and immediately started looking for a game of rugby. Having no team of his own, he haunted the Marsa in hopes that teams would arrive short. Eventually, he spoke to the Commodore Superintendent of the Dockyard, Commodore D. Orr-Ewing, on the subject, and the Commodore suggested that Trevor form his own rugby team. This was the beginning. With the complete backing and authority of Commodore Orr-Ewing, signals were sent to Dockyard, Civilian and Service Units querying initial support for starting a rugby club. There was an immediate response from 20 to 30 interested sportsmen, including Mr Fred Hitchcock, who, with Trevor, became one of the inaugurating Officials of the Club.</p>

<p>Ray Meredith arrived in Malta in March, 1946, and as an Instructor Lieutenant, R.N., he was appointed to re-open H.M. Dockyard Children's School in two semi-detached villas, 'Sunshine' and 'Sea Foam', at Tal H’biex. Ray tells of an informal meeting held towards the end of 1946 in the bar of Queens Hall, Old College Street, Sliema, when a group of cricket and tennis players discussed forming a Dockyard Rugby Club. I assume that this informal meeting was the response to Trevor's initial signals. It was then realised that there would not be sufficient playing membership in the Dockyard and it was decided to call a meeting of all interested in playing rugby, to include all U.K. and Commonwealth personnel who were working in Malta, and who were unattached to Service Units.</p>

<p>The formation meeting called was the first Annual General Meeting of the Club although at this stage it would be premature to call it the 'Overseas'. This first A.G.M. was held in November, 1946, in the A.S.V. (Admiralty Salvage Vessels) Club in Regent House, Tower Road, Sliema. Regent House stood at the junction of Tigne Street and Tower Road and was pulled down in 1953 to make way for Bisazza Street. The entrance to Regent House was approached up an open and fairly wide iron staircase. This meeting place was described in some detail by Trevor and also confirmed by Ray. I personally remember Regent House, although I did not know of its connection with Overseas at the time. In the local newspaper 'Times of Malta', 25th October, 1946, an advert was inserted saying 'Regent House Sliema, Grand re-opening, Thursday, 31st October (1946), Select Dances and Variety Turns, formal dress optional', although this does not necessarily mean that the ASV Club was not in residence before or during renovation of Regent House. Approximately 25 men attended the formation meeting - 23 or so being prepared to play. Mr Fred Hitchcock was elected as Chairman, a position he held with distinction until he left Malta in June 1952. Ray Desucribes the type of person who attended this meeting as 'personnel from the Yard, R.N., who</p>

</body>
</html>

