<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN" 
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <head>
    <title>Insurance Cover for Players</title>
    <style type="text/css">
      body { font-family: 'Times New Roman', serif; }
      h1 { text-align: center; font-size: 16pt; margin-top: 20px; }
      p { text-align: justify; margin: 1em 0; }
    </style>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1>INSURANCE COVER FOR PLAYERS</h1>
    <p>
      On the 2nd November, 1961, it was proposed and passed in Committee that the Club would hold itself responsible for the insurance of all players playing for the Overseas R.U.F.C. A number of enquiries had already been made, with different Insurance Companies, by Members of the Committee dating back to the 28th December, 1960. On the 8th December, 1961, a Comprehensive Insurance cover for players (Personal accident) was taken out with insurers "Northern" through Lambert Brothers (Insurance) Ltd., Insurance Brokers, London. This covered Permanent Total Disablement - Scale compensation £1,000 per player and Temporary Total Disablement - £5 per week per player, payable up to 52 weeks in excess of the first 14 days' disablement.
    </p>
    <p>
      Although this particular insurance cover was renewed up to the 8th December, 1968, it was obvious, even in 1964, that it was insufficient in its coverage. On the 22nd May, 1964, the Hon. Secretary was asked to investigate and obtain a more satisfactory Insurance Policy.
    </p>
    <p>
      The main problem was peculiar to Overseas. For the purpose of insurance one must think of players as Servicemen, U.K. Based Civilians entitled to medical treatment (Service Hospital and Clinic) by virtue of their Service Employment in Malta, and non-entitled Civilians. The insurance with Lambert Brothers covered all players for permanent disablement and temporary disablement in excess of 14 days, but it did not cover injured players being examined and treated in hospital on the day of injury and having to report to the hospital or doctor for further treatment. Thus, an injured non-entitled Civilian, under the Insurance Policy in force at the time, would be out of pocket receiving medical treatment within 14 days of the injury, at the Maltese Hospital St. Lukes, or King George V Hospital (originally built as a British Merchant Seamen Hospital).
    </p>
    <p>
      In consequence of above, and an injury to Mr. Paul Flack, early 1964, which pin-pointed the problem, the following rule was added to the Club Rules at the A.G.M. on the 15th October, 1964.
    </p>
    <blockquote>
      "That the Club's liability in respect of injuries sustained on the playing enclosure by playing members shall be limited to the terms of the Insurance Policy in force at the time of the injury."
    </blockquote>
    <p>
      On the 6th November, 1965, the Club submitted a proposal form for one unit of the Rugby Football Union Insurance for players, at a premium of 15/-, covering Death (£150 - £2,250) and Permanent Disablement (£375 - £1,500). This meant we had two insurances in force and although Lambert Brothers' Insurance covered temporary disablement, we had taken it out on the basis of an excess for the first 14 days. Thus, we still had no insurance to cover the payment of hospital and doctor's fees from the time of occurrence of injury.
    </p>
    <p>
      The problem was highlighted once again on the 19th December, 1965, when the team Captain, Mr. J. Handford, suffered a fractured fibula. Jack, a non-entitled Civilian, was taken to St. Luke's Hospital for treatment and initially had to pay the hospital bill himself. Immediately, the President (1965),
    </p>
  </body>
</html>

