<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN" 
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
    <title>EPUB Page 130</title>
    <style type="text/css">
        body {
            font-family: "Times New Roman", serif;
            margin-left: 1em;
            margin-right: 1em;
        }
        .page-number {
            text-align: right;
            margin-bottom: 1em;
        }
        .indent {
            text-indent: 2em;
        }
    </style>
</head>
<body>
    <div class="page-number">130</div>

    <p class="indent">Pupils from St. Edward's had improved sufficiently to play for Overseas 'B' team and indeed on the 14th February, the College fielded a team to play Tal Handaq. Also in February, St. Edward's put out a side against 'G' Company (41 Cdo) and, although losing 24 - 0, had played well. On the 14th March three pupils from St. Edward's played for Overseas 'B'. In February, De La Salle College also started training, too late to take part in games, but sufficiently improved to give hope that they could field a XV the following season. No interest was shown by St. Aloysius College.</p> 

    <p class="indent">In November, Brother Hilary was approached to find out if the Maltese viewers would be interested in rugby on his sports programme on Malta TV. In reply Brother Hilary offered to film a game for TV. The match chosen 'by Overseas, in conjunction with the J.S.R.C., was the Malta Select practice game on the 14th February, Probables versus Possibles. The film was shown on Malta TV on Friday, 15th March, 1976, with Marcel Cassar, 'B' Team Captain, commenting on the game in Maltese. Marcel also gave the viewers a brief history of Overseas Rugby Club. Whilst making the film care was taken to shoot one or two carefully planned highlights involving David (Schembri) and Marcel. With David and Marcel being local boys this involved the Maltese with Overseas and the game more and also gave a better impression of what rugby is all about.</p>

    <p class="indent">In addition to the direct approaches made by Overseas, David Schembri and another local sportsman cum reporter, writing under the Nom de Plume 'Atticus', attempted to reach the Maltese public by writing separate articles in the Times of Malta. David, a lieutenant in the Malta Armed Forces, winner of the Overseas Club's 'Most Improved Player of the Year' Cup in 1974/75, wrote an article (16th October,1975) under the heading 'Rugby is a Fascinating Game', 'Atticus', himself an all-round sportsman, in his weekly article (sportspage) headed 'By the Way - Sport' wrote twice (February 4th and 11th) on rugby in general in Malta, going back over the years, and on Overseas Rugby Club in particular. Both writers informed the public that Overseas would be pleased to teach rugby to anyone interested.</p>

    <p class="indent">In November, once again, members experienced difficulty in entering the Marsa whilst horse racing was in progress on a Sunday afternoon - police were stopping cars at the main gate. It was decided to have cards reprinted and issued to members, similar to those issued at the beginning of the 1974/75 season. This did not suffice, and those Overseas members who were not also members of the Malta Sports Club, i.e., unable to show a M.S.C. Car sticker, had to obtain a N.S.B. car sticker. Jack Sharp was able to get a limited amount of N.S.B. stickers from the N.S.B. Secretary.</p>

    <p class="indent">During the season a problem arose over the makeup of Overseas 1st team, and which, because of the small number of teams on the Island, affected rugby in Malta in general. A special meeting of all rugby players was called on the 29th January, 1976. presided over by Mr. J. Sharp, Overseas Rugby Section Chairman. The crux of the matter was that Overseas, as a Civilian Club, was fortunate to be able to accept as members, and so select its teams from, all interested players, Civilian and from Service Units. This included 41 Cdo personnel, when they were not committed to their own unit team, most of whom were good enough to walk into</p>
</body>
</html>

