<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <head>
    <title>Page 110</title>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1>Addition to Rule 2</h1>
    <p>2(d) Student Members who are still in full time education who wish to become Playing Members of the Club.</p>
    <p>
      One of the initial problems facing the Club, in giving
      notice of the first Annual General Meetings of the General
      Committee and of the different sections, was that the
      majority of Members were interested in the General Committee A.G.M. and
      also one or more section A.G.M.s. This particularly concerned
      Members of the Rugby Section, the largest faction of the Club.
      The different notices would be addressed in many cases to the
      same individual Members. This could mean as many as four notices
      going out, and also there was the difficulty in trying to fit the
      meetings of the Rugby, Soccer and Hockey Sections in before the
      main A.G.M. This is accentuated by the fact that a big percentage
      of Members, including Committee Members, are Schoolmasters and
      are away from the Island during the summer months, returning
      early September.
    </p>
    <p>
      The Club rules as formulated at the 1973 A.G.M. did not
      specifically state that each Section must hold its own A.G.M.,
      hence the already mentioned change to Rule 6. No separate notice
      for the Rugby Section A.G.M. of 1974 was sent out, but advantage
      was taken of the word 'Rugby' in the name of the Club, i.e. anyone
      interested in Rugby would attend the main Club A.G.M., after
      having been informed of such. In fact, all Members attending
      the main A.G.M. in 1974, and who were interested in Rugby, were
      asked to attend the Rugby Section A.G.M. immediately following.
      For the following year (1975) this was resolved by the General
      Secretary sending out one notice to all Members giving dates
      of the different Annual General Meetings. The same information
      was broadcast over the B.F.B.S. and the local radio, also
      inserted in the local press and the Dolphin & Eagle.
    </p>
    <h2>'OVERSEAS' FUNDS, UNITED KINGDOM AND MALTA</h2>
    <p>
      During this season it was increasingly felt by Overseas
      Members, in view of the belief that Overseas might cease to exist
      once the British presence in Malta ended in March, 1979, that the
      Club funds, now in the U.K. in Cdr. M. Pearey's name, should be
      utilised for the benefit of the Club at the present time.
      Consequently, following decisions made in Committee, the Hon.
      General Treasurer Mr. D. Taylor, wrote to Cdr. Pearey asking
      him to make arrangements to transfer the Club monies, then in
      his name, to a bank assessible to and under control of the
      Hon. General Treasurer. Accordingly, Cdr. Pearey made arrangements
      and following resolutions passed in the General Committee on
      the 24th March, 1975, an account was opened with Lloyds Bank,
      Cox's and King's Branch, Pall Mall, London, in the name of
      Overseas Rugby and Sports Club (Malta) with a starting balance
      of £231.37. The account was immediately made use of to purchase
      training films from the R.F.U. Twickenham (£36.30) and for
      Cricket balls (£34.20).
    </p>
    <p>
      As previously stated in this history under year 1959,
      Overseas first opened an account in Malta with Barclays Bank on
      the 23rd March, 1959. This account was closed and transferred
      to the National Bank of Malta in approximately 1964 until it
      was transferred back to Barclays Bank International in December,
      1972. The account was held with Barclays Bank International,
      Sliema, until this bank ceased to operate as such in Malta on
      the 30th September, 1975. On the 1st October, 1975, the banking
      business of Barclays Bank International in Malta and Gozo, and
      the account of Overseas, was transferred to Mid-Med Bank Limited.
    </p>
  </body>
</html>

