<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<!DOCTYPE html
    PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
    "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">

<head>
    <title>Long Serving Members</title>
    <style type="text/css">
        body {
            font-family: "Times New Roman", serif;
            margin: 2em;
        }
        h1, h2 {
            text-align: center;
            text-transform: uppercase;
            font-weight: bold;
        }
        .subsection {
            margin-bottom: 2em;
        }
    </style>
</head>

<body>
    <div class="subsection">
        <h1>Long Serving Members</h1>
        
        <h2>Cyril Fox</h2>
        <p>
            Cyril Fox joined Overseas in 1972. In his first year as a member, and in
            all years between 1974 and 1982, Cyril served the Club in the capacity of
            Vice-President. In 1973/74, the year Overseas became a Rugby and Sports Club,
            he was elected President. Although intensely interested in both rugby and cricket,
            watching from the touchline or boundary on a Saturday and/or Sunday afternoon,
            his forte was to work for the Club as a whole, and not trying to pick the winning
            team on a Selection Committee. This was particularly so over the last 4 years
            of the Club's existence, when, as one of a Committee, he first fought to save the
            Club from closure, and, when this was a fait accompli, he helped to settle the
            Club's affairs with equal dedication. Always willing to take on extra Committee
            work, usually through difficult times, all members came to rely on his sound
            judgement. I personally have never seen Cyril ruffled or lose his calm and
            always he was interested in people, and had the time and courtesy to speak to
            everyone. Twice during the last 3 years he stepped into the breach to act as 
            President/Chairman, and his last Office was to Chair the final Committee Meeting
            of the Club.
        </p>

        <p>
            Member of Club, 1972 &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 10 years<br />
            President, 1973/74<br />
            Vice-President, 1972/73, 1974-82 &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 9 years<br />
            Chairman of Steering Committee for run down of the Club, 1976-78 &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 2 years<br />
            Chairman of Sub-Committee to consider application by Calypso
        </p>
        <ul>
            <li>Diving Club for affiliation to O.R. & S.C., 28th June, 1978</li>
            <li>Acting President/Chairman, April to September, 1979</li>
            <li>Drew up necessary proposals to close down Club, and prepared statement on Closure for Committee and A.G.M., April, 1980</li>
            <li>Acting President/Chairman, May to October, 1980</li>
            <li>Trustee, October, 1980, to 11th January, 1982</li>
            <li>Chairman of Caretaker Committee, October, 1980, to 11th January, 1982</li>
        </ul>
    </div>

    <div class="subsection">
        <h2>Jack Sharp (Hon. Life Member)</h2>
        <p>
            In the History of the Overseas Rugby and Sports Club (p. 152) I gave a full
            account of the many ways in which Jack served the Club up to May, 1978. At that
            time Jack was due to retire and his future movements unknown, at least to the
            writer. Fortunately for Overseas, he remained with M.U.o.F.C., later called
            M.K.R.S., after May, 1978, and was deeply involved in the Club right up to its
            closure.
        </p>
        <p>
            I repeat what I wrote in the History. Although I have listed below many of
            the Offices undertaken by Jack, it is impossible to name the many diverse ways
            he has helped the Club. It is impossible to overestimate his contact with the
            Maltese Ministry, particularly the Minister of Sport, on the Club's behalf; the
            many times he has acted as host to Overseas Committees and Members; his direct
            contact with the Colleges appertaining to rugby participation; and not least for
            providing all the necessities for Film Evenings at the Club House. This last
            mentioned service did much to boost the morale of members towards the end when
            times were difficult, and a Club House was of vital necessity for keeping members
            together.
        </p>

        <p>
            Updated list of Offices held:-<br />
            Member of Club, 1961/62 &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 21 years<br />
            Elected Hon. Life Member, 1967<br />
            President, 1962-66 &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 4 years<br />
            Vice-President, 1961/62 and 1972-82 &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 11 years
        </p>
    </div>
</body>

</html>

