<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8" ?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
  <title>Soccer Section</title>
  <style type="text/css">
    body {
      font-family: "Times New Roman", serif;
      margin: 2em;
    }
    h1, h2 {
      text-align: center;
    }
    h1 {
      margin-top: 0;
    }
    p, pre {
      text-align: justify;
    }
    pre {
      font-family: "Courier New", monospace;
    }
  </style>
</head>
<body>
  <h1>SOCCER SECTION</h1>
  <p>
    In asking Jeff Bonner, Hon. Secretary, Soccer Section, to check details for the year 1977/78, he was kind enough to do so, and at the same time he expressed the view that I had not named enough players. Accordingly he wrote an excellent short history of the Section and at the same time giving details of players going back to 1966. I believe many present and past members will be interested in Jeff's work, and although he has repeated some details already covered, I will copy it in its entirety.
  </p>
  <p>
    First I will give the usual yearly report.
  </p>
  <h2>SOCCER SECTION 1977/78</h2>
  <pre>
Annual General Meeting, 15th September, 1977.

  Chairman           T.N. Ricketts
  Hon. Secretary     J.J. Bonner
  Hon. Treasurer     D.G. Smith
  Hon. Social Secretary T.G. Jordan
  Team Captain       J.J. Bonner
  Vice-Captain       D.G. Smith
  </pre>
  <p>
    In what appears to be the final year in which the Soccer Section will function, their fortunes have been very mixed. In the Major League, the Corinthians did exceptionally well, winning 8 out of 12 games played, whilst in the Minor League, the U.K. Civilians have been able to win only 1 out of 13 games played. This has kindly been put down to the fact that there was too much experience and not enough leg power. The Minor League games were played when the younger players were not available during the week. During this season we were very dependant on the R.A.F. at Safi for a pitch.
  </p>
  <p>
    As with the other sections, the question being asked is whether the Soccer Section will cease to exist at the end of the 1977/78 season. All the Committee and most of the players return to the U.K. in July, 1978. Even if the few remaining players kept the Soccer Section in being, as a Club policy, there is still the fact that the leagues and cups, as organized by the J.S.T.F.A. (Malta), and in which the Section's teams are entered, will fold up when the Services withdraw in March, 1979.
  </p>
  <p>
    In a team which has contained so many good and experienced players, and whose spirit has always matched its skill, it is difficult to pick out any individual for performances on the field. For the last 3 years the team has battled against dwindling numbers, added to the fact that the average age has far exceeded most of their opponents and mainly their skill has given them points. As other experienced players have left, the backbone of the team has remained Jeff Bonner, Trevor Ricketts and Dave Smith. This year Trevor celebrates his 10th year as Chairman of the Section. Jeff Bonner and Dave Smith, Captain and Vice-Captain respectively, for 3 years, have also held the following Section Offices. Jeff Bonner, Social Secretary for 2 years, 1973-75, and Hon. Secretary for 3 years, 1975-78. Dave Smith, Hon. Treasurer for 2 years, 1976-78.
  </p>
  <p>
    For details of the Soccer Section's achievements, also league and cup results, 1975-78, I am indebted to Trevor Ricketts and Jeff Bonner.
  </p>
</body>
</html>

