<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
    "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
    <title>Document</title>
    <style type="text/css">
        body { font-family: "Courier New", Courier, monospace; }
        h2 { text-align: center; }
        h3 { margin-top: 20px; }
        .indent { margin-left: 20px; }
    </style>
</head>
<body>

<h3>NOTICE INSERTED IN NEWSPAPER, 1954</h3>
<p>The following notice was inserted in the Times of Malta on the 15th October, 1954:-</p>

<h2>OVERSEAS R.F.C.</h2>
<p class="indent">The Overseas Rugby Club in Malta exists mainly for the benefit of U.K. based Service and Civilian members of units, ships, etc. unable to form a XV of their own.</p>
<p class="indent">Matches are played weekly, Saturday or Sunday, usually at Ta' Qali.</p>
<p class="indent">Anyone interested is invited to contact Mr J.H. Chapman, Tel. No/ Dockyard 7276 for details, as it is hoped to start play in the very near future.</p>

<h3>OBJECTS AND MEMBERSHIP, 1956</h3>
<p>The following information was given to all members and prospective members at the beginning of the 1956/57 season:-</p>

<p class="indent">The object of the Club is to help foster the true 'Rugger' spirit on the island by providing facilities for:-</p>

<p class="indent">(a) All Service and Civilian Rugger players who are unable to play for any other Rugger team, i.e. Members of Units unable to field a side.</p>
<p class="indent">(b) All Service and Civilian Rugger players, who, although committed to play for a unit during the week, wish to play 'Club' rugger over the weekend.</p>
<p class="indent">(c) Non-playing rugger enthusiasts who may support the club and join in its social life.</p>

<p class="indent">It is appreciated of course, that in the case of (b) above, the Service units have first call on their players.</p>

<p class="indent">The Club colours are (a) navy blue and white hoops (b) red and white hoops.</p>

<p class="indent">Membership was divided into three categories:-</p>

<p class="indent">(a) <strong>Full Member</strong></p>
<p class="indent">Annual subscription of 30/- : no match fees, This type of member whose subscriptions were fully paid on leaving the Club received an inscribed tankard as follows:-</p>
<p class="indent indent">1 season's membership &nbsp;&nbsp; ½ pint tankard</p>
<p class="indent indent">2 or more season's membership 1 pint tankard</p>

<p class="indent">(b) <strong>Associate Member</strong></p>
<p class="indent">No Annual subscription - match fee 1/- per game</p>

<p class="indent">(c) <strong>Non-playing Member</strong></p>
<p class="indent">Annual subscription 10/-</p>

<p>Presenting a tankard seemed a novel way of getting members to pay subscriptions, although it would appear that the attraction was not big enough (or some members did not drink). There is a record of 8 members not paying subs for season 1955/56,</p>

</body>
</html>

