<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html
  PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
    <title>Winding-Up of Overseas</title>
    <style type="text/css">
        body { font-family: Arial, sans-serif; }
        h1 { text-align: center; }
        h2 { text-align: center; margin-top: 40px; }
        p { text-align: justify; margin: 20px; }
    </style>
</head>
<body>
    <p style="text-align:right;">15</p>

    <h2>PART II</h2>
    <h1>THE WINDING-UP OF OVERSEAS</h1>

    <p>The internal problems facing Overseas were discussed in Committee on the
    31st January, 1980. Mr. J. Sharp, Vice-President for many years, felt so
    strongly about the situation that he urged the Committee members to terminate
    Overseas' activities in grand style and with dignity rather than let the Club
    peter out through neglect. Other members, including Mr. C. Fox, also
    a Vice-President of long standing, and Mr. G. Attard, Secretary, whilst agreeing
    with Mr. Sharp's sentiments, believed that with an extra effort from each member
    of the Committee the Club would not only survive but also recuperate. At this
    stage there was still the possibility that De la Salle College would field a team.</p>

    <p>A further cancelled game and the ban on rugby at De la Salle College, both
    points which forced Overseas Committee once again, on the 18th February, 1980,
    to discuss not only the future of Overseas, but also the very survival of the
    game in Malta. Mr. Sharp expressed the opinion that Overseas Committee should
    not make a decision on the future of the game in Malta, this should be taken at
    a meeting which all interested parties were invited to attend. Consequently,
    it was decided to call a Public Meeting of all interested parties to discuss the
    "Future of Rugby in Malta". A Sub-Committee was formed comprising J. Sharp,
    Press Adverts; D. Gribbon, Questionnaires; D. Schembri, Press Write-up; and
    G. Attard, Circular, to organize the proposed meeting.</p>

    <p>The Public Forum was held in the Club House on the 27th March, 1980. The
    invitation was to all those interested in playing rugby, whether experienced or
    not. In spite of an excellent press coverage, only 27 people attended. Of this
    number four were senior members of the Club, four played for St. Edwards, and
    there was a mere handful of new faces.</p>

    <p>After this meeting a renewed interest was shown by some University students
    and as a result two coaching sessions were held at the University by John Young,
    but insufficient students - three on the first occasion, and only one on the
    second - turned up. The Sevens Tournament was held in April. It was at this
    stage, the final blow for Overseas, that the Directors of Andrews Feeds intimated
    that the Marsa Wharf was due for industrial development, and that regretfully
    they would be re-occupying their premises at 21 Flagstone Wharf in a few months'
    time.</p>

    <p>The outcome of the Public Forum was discussed at the Overseas Meeting on
    the 14th April, 1980. The President, Mr. Tim Agius-Ferrante, expressed the
    general opinion of the Committee in saying that, although some interest was
    shown, it was not enough to justify continuing the functioning of the Club. The
    Team Captain, Dave Schembri, was reluctant to admit that the game could not go
    on. Nevertheless, with the greatest reluctance, the Committee at this meeting
    on the 14th April, had no alternative but to recommend the winding-up of the 
    Overseas Rugby and Sports Club, w.e.f., the end of the current season. The
    President accepted Mr. Fox's offer to draw up the necessary proposals to close
    down the Club.</p>

    <p>The decision to close the Club was announced publicly at the Annual Dinner
    Dance held at the Capua Court Hotel on the 2nd May, 1980. At the same time it
    was learned that the Directors of Andrews Feeds would require the return of the
    Club House almost immediately, and arrangements had to be made forthwith for the
    packing up and removal of the Club property normally kept there. At a later
    Committee Meeting it was decided to let Calypso make use of the Club House
    furniture as being on loan from Overseas.</p>

    <p>At a Committee Meeting on the 5th May, 1980, the President informed the
    Committee that regretfully he had made the decision to resign from Office. At
    the same time a letter of resignation was received from Vice-President D. Gribbon.</p>

</body>
</html>

