<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN" 
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Page 7</title>
    <style type="text/css">
      body { font-family: serif; }
      p { margin: 1em 0; }
    </style>
  </head>
  <body>
    <p>It is difficult to be precise as to when we moved to Ta' Qali.
    I can confirm that we played at Luqa on the 27th November, 1949 
    against H.M.S. Falcon. On the 10th December, 1949, we played 
    at Ta' Qali against the Med. Fleet. Also during the latter half 
    of the 1948/49 season and the first half of the 1949/50 season we 
    played once or twice at the Marsa, whether this was our home 
    pitch, or the only pitch available at the time, I cannot be 
    certain. During this period our away games against H.M.S. Falcon, 
    the Fleet Air Arm Team, were played at Hal Far. At this time the 
    runway was still in use and we occasionally had to take down the 
    goal posts during a game when aircraft landed.</p>

    <p>The use of the pitch at Ta' Qali started after Commander 
    R.V. Brockman (now Vice-Admiral (Ret'd)) had scoured the island 
    for a suitable piece of grass on which to play rugger. The area 
    at Ta' Qali was decided on although it was hardly suitable as 
    there were thousands of tiny shells. These were gradually 
    cleared by the efforts of working parties, organised by Commander 
    Martin Price R.N., the Commanding Officer at Ta' Qali, and the 
    players.</p>

    <p>New pitches were laid at Ta' Qali in 1952. It is recorded 
    in the Times of Malta, 22nd November, 1952, that four full sized 
    rugby football grounds had been constructed at R.N. Air Station 
    (H.M.S. Goldfinch), Ta' Qali, to be shared with the R.A.F. and 
    Army. By 1958/59 there were 6 full sized grounds at Ta' Qali 
    allocated to different services. Two of these grounds were well 
    laid near the perimeter road and were kept for Inter Service games 
    and other special matches. The other four pitches were rougher, 
    especially through continued use, but certainly an improvement 
    on Luqa. The Australian Air Force was stationed at Ta' Qali 
    from June, 1953 to approximately 1955, after which it was handed 
    over to the R.A.F.</p>

    <p>Overseas used Ta' Qali as their home ground from 1950 to 
    1960. From 1960 to the present date, our home ground has been 
    at the Marsa. This final move was made when Marsa Lodge became 
    our Club House. The rugby playing area at the Marsa was renovated 
    in 1960 and the four pitches were known as Army 1 and 2 and 
    Navy 1 and 2. Previously, the whole of the Marsa rugby playing 
    area had been completely re-laid in late 1956.</p>

    <p>Before the start of each rugby season Overseas received 
    permission to use the pitches from the proper authority. This 
    had been given by the Commanding Officer of the R.A.F. Station, 
    Ta' Qali, and with the move to the Marsa, up to 1971/72, from 
    the General Officer Commanding via the Secretary Army Rugby 
    Football (Malta). In 1972 the whole of the Marsa playing area 
    was taken over by the Maltese Government, and from this point 
    we have played rugby at the Marsa by kind permission of the 
    President of the Malta Sports Board.</p>

    <p>During the early years, at least up to 1950, when the 
    grounds were too hard to play rugby, the Overseas rugby team 
    on the odd occasion played hockey against the rugby opponent 
    of the day. On the odd occasion we played against civilian 
    clubs. Imagine 11 rugby players, only one or two with knowledge 
    of hockey, wielding sticks. We never won but we scared the 
    living daylights out of the opposition!</p>
  </body>
</html>

