<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
    <title>Club Regulations</title>
</head>
<body>
    <p>21</p>
    
    <p>although committed to play for a unit side<br />
    during the week, wish to play Club Rugger<br />
    over the weekend.</p>
    
    <ul>
        <li><p>(c) Non-Playing Rugger enthusiasts who may<br />
        support the Club and join in its social life.</p></li>
    </ul>

    <p>It is understood, in the case of (b) above, that<br />
    Service Units have first call on their players.</p>

    <ol>
        <li>That the Club colours be navy blue and white hoops.</li>
        
        <li>That the Officers of the Club shall consist of The<br />
        President, Chairman, Hon. Secretary, Hon. Treasurer, Hon.<br />
        Fixture Secretary, Hon. Team Secretary, Team Captains. These<br />
        Officers to hold office for one year and be elected by members<br />
        at an Annual General Meeting.</li>

        <li>That the management of the Club shall be entrusted to<br />
        a General Committee consisting of such Officers as shall be<br />
        elected at the Annual General Meeting. Liaison with the<br />
        representatives of the three Services shall be effected.</li>

        <li>That the General Committee shall have the power to<br />
        administer the funds and property in execution of the Club's<br />
        aims. No expenditure or debts shall be contracted other than<br />
        by resolution and majority vote.</li>

        <li>That the General Committee shall have the powers to<br />
        fill any vacancies which may arise in their number during the<br />
        course of the year, and have full power to co-opt as may be<br />
        found expedient.</li>

        <li>That the General Committee shall have the power to<br />
        delegate any of its duties to such other Committees as may<br />
        be necessary.</li>

        <li>A quorum for a General Committee shall be two thirds<br />
        of the Committee.</li>

        <li>Annual General Meeting to be held in October. Items<br />
        to be included are Statement of Accounts, Report of the<br />
        Committee and election of Officers for the ensuing year.</li>

        <li>Members to be given 14 days notice of General Meetings.<br />
        Items for inclusion on the Agenda to reach the Hon. Secretary<br />
        7 days prior to the meeting. Extraordinary General Meetings<br />
        may be called by ten or more members or by a majority vote<br />
        of the General Committee.</li>

        <li>That the sanction of two thirds of the members present<br />
        and voting at the Annual or Extra-Ordinary General Meeting is<br />
        required for the passing of any resolution to alter the rules.<br />
        Any other resolution shall be passed by a simple majority.</li>

        <li><strong>Membership</strong>
            <ul>
                <li>(a) Full Members: Annual Subscription 10/-<br />
                and match fee of 1/-</li>
                <li>(b) Non-Playing Member and Associate Member:<br />
                Annual subscription 5/-</li>
                <li>(c) Temporary Membership 1/- per match.</li>
            </ul>
        Members referred to in paragraphs (a) and (b) above<br />
        have full privileges.</li>
    </ol>
</body>
</html>

