<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
  <title>EPUB Page</title>
  <style>
    body {
      font-family: serif;
      margin: 20px;
    }
    p {
      text-indent: 2em;
    }
    h1 {
      text-align: center;
      font-weight: bold;
      margin-top: 2em;
    }
  </style>
</head>
<body>
  <p>
    From this point I will leave the telling of the rebuilding
    of the Club to its proper place, i.e. the 1972/73 season.
    However, the sterling work done by the previously mentioned
    Officials must be mentioned. From the last meeting prior
    to the withdrawal these men had worked continuously looking
    after the Club affairs in Malta and U.K. The Committee
    elected at the 1971 A.G.M. more than kept faith with the
    members who elected them. If one person can be singled
    out, it is Trevor Ricketts who co-ordinated all efforts
    and without whose tenacity, singleness of purpose, and love
    of the Overseas Club, the Club might not have been rebuilt,
    at least for the start of the 1972/73 season.
  </p>

  <h1>SOCIAL EVENTS 1971/72</h1>

  <p>
    With the shortened season there is little to report
    in the social life of the Club. The one event reported,
    a disco evening, was not a success through lack of interest.
    The monthly film evenings took place. The one reported
    success was the Children's Christmas party.
  </p>
</body>
</html>

