<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN" 
    "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
    <title>Club Rules and Ties</title>
</head>
<body>

    <p class="center">45</p>

    <p>When the Club Rules were reformed at the A.G.M. 1973, the new rule 10 stated:-</p>

    <blockquote>
        <p>"The Club cannot accept liability for loss, accident or injury which may occur on the field of play or on the Club premises."</p>
    </blockquote>

    <p>On the 11th November, 1974, following discussion in the General and Rugby Section Committees, it was decided to take advantage of the R.F.U. offer of player's insurance as covered in an information letter from the R.F.U. dated 5th July, 1974. The Overseas (Now the Overseas Rugby and Sports Club) Rugby Section took out 2 units of cover per team (2 teams) at a cost of £2.60 per unit, covering Death (£250 - £3,000) and Permanent Disablement (£1,000 - £2,000). Compensation figures quoted are for one Unit of Benefit. The weakness still remained concerning doctor's fees for personnel not entitled to Service medical facilities, but it was felt at this time that individual insurance was the immediate problem of each individual. Unfortunately, when we tried to renew the R.F.U. insurance for the 1975/76 season the insurers, Sun Alliance, and London Insurance Ltd., decided that complications arise under terms of policy if cover is afforded to Clubs permanently based in an overseas country, and our application was not accepted. Players were advised to take out their own insurance.</p>

    <h2>OVERSEAS CLUB TIES</h2>

    <p>On the 19th October, 1961, following a proposal in Committee, the Hon. Secretary, Mr. C.V. Morris, agreed to investigate designs for a Club Tie. Sketches of a proposed design were sent to A.G. Almond, 46, Sidney Street, Cambridge. On the 24th January, 1962, after the inevitable correspondence, counter sketches, samples of materials and patterns of actual fabric showing design, a firm order, as approved by the members, was placed with A.G. Almond. The ties were of terylene in Navy Blue with the design of the Club Motif in white woven in. The cost to the Club was 16/6d each and after making allowance for payment of customs duty and post, they were sold to members at £1 each.</p>

    <p>This was the first Club tie and they were well received by members. The ties arrived in Malta during April, 1962, and by June 8th, out of a total of 152 ties, 75 were sold.</p>

    <p>In 1973 when Overseas became a Sports Club it became necessary to change the letters within the Motif from O.R.F.C. to O.R.S.C. The first order with the changed letters was placed with Maddocks &amp; Dicks in February, 1974, and to keep cost to members down, initially at £11.20, the ties were printed although still with full motif. An order was placed with the same firm in May, 1975, with the material of a lighter blue, but the next order in September of the same year saw the return to dark blue.</p>

    <p>In 1974 a special tie was made for Overseas by Badgecraft of Croydon and this was presented at the Annual Dinner Dance to Mr. J. Sharp, a Life Member, for his untiring work for the Club. The tie had a single hand-worked Motif in silver wire on a royal blue background. The Motif was similar to that on the ordinary Club tie. In February, 1975, it was decided in</p>

</body>
</html>

