<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN" 
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <head>
    <title>Page 97</title>
    <style type="text/css">
      body {
        font-family: "Times New Roman", Times, serif;
      }
      .header {
        text-align: right;
        font-size: 18px;
      }
      .motion {
        font-weight: bold;
        font-size: 16px;
      }
      .content {
        margin-top: 10px;
        text-align: justify;
      }
      .officials {
        margin-top: 20px;
      }
      .section-title {
        margin-top: 10px;
        font-weight: bold;
      }
      .officials-table, .rugby-table {
        width: 100%;
        margin-top: 10px;
        border-collapse: collapse;
      }
      .officials-table td, .rugby-table td {
        padding: 5px;
      }
      .name {
        text-align: right;
      }
    </style>
  </head>
  <body>
    <div class="header">97</div>

    <div class="motion">MOTION II:</div>
    <div class="content">
      Should Motion I be defeated, then rules 15 to 20 in the said Motion be accepted as additional rules for the Overseas Rugby Union Football Club.
    </div>

    <div class="content">
      The result of the voting was not unanimous, 18 to 5 in favour of Motion I. However, suffice it to say, from this point in its history, the Club became a 'Sports Club', with all the expected teething troubles. Initially, Rugby and Cricket were the only Sections, and one must keep in mind that the Annual General Meeting, 1973, started off purely as that of the Overseas R.U.F.C. This meant, that at this A.G.M., not only must a Rugby Section Committee be elected for the year, but also a General Committee for the year. In succeeding years there would be separate Annual General Meetings for the General Committee and for each of the Sections. Vice-Presidents would be elected at the General Committee A.G.M., and as confirmed by Mr. Ricketts prior to the vote being taken, they would be working members of the Club and not a source of income. It was to be considered an honour.
    </div>

    <div class="officials">
      The following Officials were elected:
      <div class="section-title">GENERAL COMMITTEE</div>
      <table class="officials-table">
        <tr>
          <td>President</td>
          <td class="name">Mr. C. Fox</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td>Vice-Presidents</td>
          <td class="name">Mr. J. Sharp</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td></td>
          <td class="name">Mr. D. Alexander</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td></td>
          <td class="name">Mr. N.C. Morgan</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td></td>
          <td class="name">Mr. J. Handford</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td></td>
          <td class="name">Mr. W.E.B. Dansie</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td></td>
          <td class="name">Mr. M. Lawrence</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td></td>
          <td class="name">Mr. F. Kitson</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td></td>
          <td class="name">Mr. C. Rice</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td></td>
          <td class="name">Mr. J. Christie</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td></td>
          <td class="name">Mr. D. Taylor</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td>Hon. General Secretary</td>
          <td class="name">Mr. T. Ricketts</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td>Hon. General Treasurer</td>
          <td class="name">Mr. M.F. Lewis (resigned on the 18th October, prior to leaving Malta, and Mr. D. Taylor was elected)</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td>Hon. General Social Secretary</td>
          <td class="name">Mr. P. Joerning</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td>Club House/Bar Manager</td>
          <td class="name">Mr. N. Armstrong</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td>Social Committee</td>
          <td class="name">
            Messrs P. Joerning (Secretary); D. Taylor; J. Glover; J. Bonner and F. Ayton
          </td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td>Club Bar Helpers</td>
          <td class="name">
            Messrs N. Armstrong (Manager); D. Taylor; L. Finnis; J. Sharp and M. Panter
          </td>
        </tr>
      </table>

      <div class="section-title">RUGBY SECTION</div>
      <table class="rugby-table">
        <tr>
          <td>Chairman</td>
          <td class="name">Mr. J. Sharp</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td>Hon. Secretary</td>
          <td class="name">Mr. N.C. Morgan</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td>Hon. Treasurer</td>
          <td class="name">Mr. M.F. Lewis (As in the General Committee Mr. D. Taylor was elected on the 18th October)</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td>Team Captain</td>
          <td class="name">Mr. N. Armstrong</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td>Team Vice-Captain</td>
          <td class="name">Mr. J. Glover</td>
        </tr>
      </table>
    </div>
  </body>
</html>

