<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html
    PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
    "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
    <title>Match Report</title>
    <style type="text/css">
        body { font-family: "Times New Roman", Times, serif; }
        h1 { text-align: center; }
        p { text-align: justify; margin: 0.5em 0; }
        table { width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse; margin: 1em 0; }
        td, th { vertical-align: top; padding: 0.5em; }
        tr { border: 1px solid #000; }
        .team { font-weight: bold; text-align: center; }
        .referee, .playing-record { margin-top: 1em; font-weight: bold; }
    </style>
</head>
<body>
    <p>Excellency the Governor, Sir Maurice Dorman, accompanied by 
    the British Ambassador to Italy. The Governor was presented 
    to both teams. Although the Overseas came out losers, the 
    teams were closely matched, and the game proved to be one of 
    the best of the season for Overseas.</p>

    <table>
        <tr>
            <td class="team">OVERSEAS R.F.C.<br />(Blue &amp; White hoops)</td>
            <td class="team">COMBINED SERVICES TRIPOLI<br />(Green &amp; Red)</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>1 C. Pritchard<br />Full Back</td>
            <td>S.A.C. McMahon<br />(RAF Idris)</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>2 H. Barston<br />Right Wing</td>
            <td>L.Cpl. Payne<br />(Royal Signals)</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>3 J.A. Downing<br />Right Centre</td>
            <td>S.A.C. Staffs<br />(RAF Idris)</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>4 P.C. Flack<br />Left Centre</td>
            <td>Tpr. Mulaney<br />(14/20 Hussars)</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>5 G. Randall<br />Left Wing</td>
            <td>Pte. Owen<br />(Green Howards)</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>6 R.M. Chaplin<br />Stand-off</td>
            <td>2nd Lt. Sanders<br />(14/20 Hussars)</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>7 J. Hatherway<br />Scrum Half</td>
            <td>Cfm. Moore<br />(REME)</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>8 J.R.H. Handford<br />Front Row<br />(Captain)</td>
            <td>Sgt. Rice<br />(REME) <br />(Captain)</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>9 J. Pickett<br />Hooker</td>
            <td>Cfm. Walker<br />(REME)</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>10 D. Wilson<br />Front Row</td>
            <td>Sig. Douglas<br />(Royal Signals)</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>11 C.J. Why<br />Second Row</td>
            <td>Pte. Gough<br />(Green Howards)</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>12 D. Frost<br />Second Row</td>
            <td>2nd Lt. Pick<br />(Green Howards)</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>13 T. Brown<br />Wing Forward</td>
            <td>S.A.C. Hayhoe<br />(RAF Idris)</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>14 G. Ramsden<br />Lock Forward</td>
            <td>S.A.C. Grindle<br />(RAF Idris)</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>15 C.R. Burton<br />Wing Forward</td>
            <td>Tpr. Boulter<br />(14/20 Hussars)</td>
        </tr>
    </table>

    <p class="referee">Referee: Cpl W. Brown (RAF)</p>

    <p>Overseas entered one team in the Inter Service Unit 7's 
    at the Marsa on the 15th February, 1964. The team, namely, 
    Handford, Randall, O'Brien, Mac, Spiers, Henry and Brown, 
    was knocked out by Luqa, 5 points to 3 in the first round.</p>

    <p>The Team Captain, Jack Handford, spoke highly of a number 
    of schoolboys (Tal Handaq) who played for Overseas during the 
    season, namely, Geoff Randall, wing, Ian O'Brien, centre; Brian 
    Jackson (only 15 years of age) scrum half; and Tex Brown, 
    forward, who won the 'Sam Ward Cup' for the most improved 
    player of the season. This was the first year that the Sam 
    Ward Cup was presented. Other players mentioned were Paul 
    Flack, stand-off half, in his fifth and final year as an 
    Overseas player, who proved to be one of the mainstays of 
    the side, Charles Burton, wing forward, R. Sussex and Army, 
    Peter Henshall, prop, a good all round player with vast 
    experience, Harry Barstow, R. Sussex and Army, centre, Keith 
    Donavon, D.E.R.R. Wanderers, scrum half, Derek Henry, prop, 
    and John Why (Vice-Captain), lock. In summing up, Jack 
    Handford said that as regards match results it could not be 
    said that 1963/64 season was a good one for Overseas, but 
    from the point of view of promoting rugby on the Island the 
    Club played a large part. And this is one of the main objects 
    of the Overseas Club.</p>

    <p class="playing-record">PLAYING RECORD</p>
    <p>Saturday Matches&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;P 16 - W 1 - L 10 - D 5&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Points for 64<br />
    &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Against 157</p>
    <p>Sunday Matches&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;P 5 - W 3 - L 2&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Points for 46 Against 32</p>
    <p>Total: All Matches&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;P 21 - W 4 - L 12 - D 5&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Points for 110<br />
    &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Against 189</p>
</body>
</html>

