<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html 
    PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN" 
    "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
  <title>Penguins Tour Summary</title>
</head>
<body>
  <h1>Penguins Tour Summary</h1>
  <p>62</p>
  <ul>
    <li>a) Number of teams participated - 18</li>
    <li>b) Total number of games played - 24</li>
    <li>c) Duration of tournament (playing time) - 4 hours</li>
    <li>d) Points scored in Cup Competition - 245 Pts</li>
    <li>e) Points scored in Place Competition - 108 Pts</li>
    <li>f) Total points scored during Tournament - 353 Pts</li>
    <li>g) Total number of Referees who officiated - 7</li>
  </ul>

  <p>
    The Penguins, as guests of the Overseas Club, toured Malta from the 5th to the 15th May, 1967, and proved to be very popular socially besides producing excellent rugby. I think that even Ben Bush would have learned some new songs. The Penguins played five matches in eleven days, won four, lost one and scored 119 points to 31. The R.A.F. were the only side to beat the Penguins. The last game, against a Malta XV produced the best rugby of the tour, with speedy passing and some excellent backing-up.
  </p>

  <h2>Results (Home team's score first)</h2>
  <ul>
    <li>Combined Services 0 - 14</li>
    <li>Selected Overseas XV 12 - 38</li>
    <li>Overseas 8 - 24</li>
    <li>R.A.F. 11 - 13</li>
    <li>Malta 0 - 34</li>
  </ul>

  <p>
    The main burden of arranging the Penguin's tour was borne by Ted Platt, Overseas Hon. Secretary, Ted in turn stressed that without the considerable help of the Army, in the person of Major J. Bird, and the Air Force, represented by Fl. Lt. C. O'Regan, the visit would not have been the success it was.
  </p>

  <p>
    Penguin players come from a fairly wide area of the southern half of England. On the occasion of their trip to Malta the party consisted of 17 players and officials led by their Fixture and Team Secretary, Tony Mason. Following is a list of the Penguin party and their home teams, initials of individuals mostly unknown.
  </p>

  <table border="0">
    <tr>
      <td>Hackett</td><td>Sutton</td><td>Hart D.</td><td>Old Freemans</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>Sidders</td><td></td><td>Harn</td><td></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>Chappell B.</td><td></td><td>Kent J.</td><td></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>Stait P.</td><td></td><td>Wharton</td><td>Beckenham</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>Cook</td><td>Richmond</td><td>Whitton</td><td></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>Farrall</td><td></td><td>Johnson</td><td>Wasps</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>Hawkes D.</td><td></td><td>Massey M.</td><td>Kersaal</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>Mee</td><td>Sidcup, Harlequins</td><td>Chapman</td><td>Eastbourne</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>Mason A.R.</td><td>Sidcup</td><td>Bowen</td><td>Easther</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>McKerrow</td><td></td><td>Raines A.</td><td>Weston-super-Mare</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>Brookes R.</td><td>Stafford</td><td>Tomlin</td><td>Penzance</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>Gerrard</td><td></td><td>White</td><td>Old Dunstonians</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>Gill H.</td><td>Bromley</td><td>Green</td><td>Sidcup</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>Goslin T.</td><td></td>
    </tr>
  </table>

  <p>
    A humorous situation developed during this season at the Marsa. At the beginning of the season the Overseas Hon. Secretary wrote to the St. John Ambulance Association asking for a qualified member to attend our games every Saturday afternoon. The St. John Ambulance member or members duly attended complete with all the necessary first aid equipment. What the member could not understand was, why, with all their training and experience, they were no match for the magic ...
  </p>
</body>
</html>

