<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
  <title>The First Chairman</title>
</head>
<body>
  <h1 THE FIRST CHAIRMAN></h1>
  <p>
    Mr. F. Hitchcock, Chairman, was one of the mainstays of
    Overseas from its inception to the time he left Malta in June,
    1952. In fact, it has been generally believed over the years
    that he was the Founder Member. Almost true, but not quite.
    When starting research into the Club's beginning, I myself
    believed Mr. Hitchcock to be the initiator of the Club and
    attempted to trace him. This was to lead to a dead end as far
    as the Club's history was concerned, but it resulted in gathering
    very interesting information as regards rugby in Malta pre-war.
    Fred Hitchcock had been a U.K. Based Industrial (Foreman
    Electrician) in H.M. Dockyard, Malta, and armed with initial
    information from Montgomery House, Floriana, Malta, I wrote to
    Defence Accounts Office, Worcester, England. The DAO informed
    me that Fred had died in August, 1958. However, from two other
    sources I was informed of his possible connection with the pre-
    war "Exiles" and "E.R.A." Club(s), and the possible link between
    these club(s) and Overseas. When referred to appertaining to
    the pre-war period, the two clubs "Exiles" and "E.R.A.", always
    seemed tied together as one club. Further enquiries proved that
    no connection existed between Overseas and the Exiles/E.R.A.s,
    But I believe readers will be interested in the information
    gathered.
  </p>
  <p>
    First, Commander E. Hamilton-Hill R.N. (Retd) informed me
    that the formation of Overseas Rugby Club stemmed from the run-
    down of the Exiles (Cable & Wireless) and the E.R.A. Club which
    used to run its own rugger side. At the same time the Commander
    stressed that his was a hazy recollection. Lt. - Cmdr R.
    Meredith informed me that Mr. Hitchcock was the oldest member
    at the meeting (November, 1946) and was a former playing member
    of the pre-war Exiles and E.R.A. Rugby Clubs. In further
    correspondence Lt. Cmdr Meredith shed more light on who the
    Exiles and E.R.A.s were by saying, "Mr. Hitchcock played for
    the 'Exiles' E.R.A.'s in Dockyard Appointments and that Cable
    & Wireless were the mainstay of the Club, together with Naval
    Officers on posts like the R.N. School and the Dockyard (Technical
    College)." I do know that the E.R.A. Rugby Club existed in Malta,
    as a separate Club, at least from after the war up to the 1954/55
    season. Overseas played the E.R.A. club twice during the 1954/55
    season, after which there is no further record of the E.R.A.s
    as rugby opponents.
  </p>
  <p>
    In following up the "Exiles" club, I first contacted
    Officials at what was formerly Cable & Wireless, Mercury House,
    St. George's Road, St. Julians, Malta. Cable & Wireless in
    Malta became Telecommunication Corporation early in 1975. Here I was
    given the greatest help by Messrs. G.A. Cassar Trigona, M.Bonnici,
    A. Tortell and a former member of Cable & Wireless Staff, Mr R.
    Scerri. Between them they gave me the backgrounds to the Exiles
    Club, Malta. Mr Scerri, an all round sportsman & a younger man
    and Malta tennis champion for many years, remembered Cable &
    Wireless "Exiles" rugby team. He advised me to write to the
    Exiles Club, London, and to a Mr. A. J. Hatfield who had been a
    playing member of the Exiles rugby team and prominent in the
    organisation of the Exiles Club, Malta, in the 1920's. The Exiles
    Club,London, had no records or photos which would help, and none
    of the Club members who had been in Malta in the 20's could help
    answer my queries. However, corresponding with Mr. Hatfield gave
    me the following interesting information, and I copy his own words:
  </p>
  <blockquote>
    "The Exiles Club (London) was formed by the Eastern
  </blockquote>
</body>
</html>

