<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
    <title>1959/60 Annual General Meeting</title>
</head>
<body>
    <h1>1959/60</h1>
    <p>Annual General Meeting, Queen's Hall, Old College Street, Sliema, 26th October, 1959.</p>
    <p>The Following Officials were elected:</p>
    <ul>
        <li>President: Major G.C.D. Scott Lowe, T.D.</li>
        <li>Hon. Secretary and Mr. N.J. Swain</li>
        <li>Hon. Team Secretary: Mr. H.W. Polkinghorne</li>
        <li>Hon. Treasurer: Mr. C.V. Morris</li>
        <li>Hon. Fixture Secretary: Mrs. M. Rushworth</li>
        <li>Hon. Social Secretary: Mr. G. Rushworth</li>
        <li>Club House/Bar Manager: Mrs M. Rushworth(Secretary)</li>
        <li>Team Captain Mr. N.J. Swain</li>
        <li>Social Committee: Mrs. M. Rushworth(Secretary) and Messrs. D. Milton, C. Easter and D. Isted.</li>
        <li>Bar Committee: Messrs G. Rushworth (Manager), T. Goswell, V. Morris and A. Pagen</li>
    </ul>
    <p>The meeting was presided over by the President and Chaired by Mr. Polkinghorne. A point of interest is the election of a woman to the Office of Social Secretary. This was the first and only time that a woman was elected at the A.G.M. as an Officer of the Club. Later in the Club's history it would have taken a brave man to even propose that a member of the fairer sex be elected.</p>
    <p>When Mr. Polkinghorne, Treasurer, gave his statement of accounts for the 1958/59 season it showed a credit balance of £40.10s. A definite improvement on the £11 we started the season with. A great deal of hard work but plenty of fun.</p>
    <p>The President, Major G.C.D. Scott Lowe, left Malta in February, 1960.</p>
    <p>A Cocktail Party was given in his honour at the residence of Mr. &amp; Mrs. N.J. Swain on the 15th February, 1960. The President was toasted 'Godspeed' and presented with an illuminated vote of thanks, made artistically on vellum by a Tal Handaq artist. The Major was a very kind and human person and Overseas have a great deal to thank him for.</p>
    <p>During this season, Viv Morris, Hon. Fixture Secretary, who was a teacher at the R.N. School Tal Handaq, interested the staffs of the Service Schools and the senior pupils at Tal Handaq in the Overseas Club. This was the start of very close ties between the Club and the teachers and pupils. Progressively, as the number of Civilian players on the island declined, the Club became more dependent on support from the schools. In April, 1969, Tal Handaq changed its name to the Services Secondary Comprehensive School and became known as S.C.S. Tal Handaq. In November, 1959, the yearly subscription for schoolboys was set at 2/6d with a match fee of 1/-.</p>
    <p>The Hon. Secretary, Mr N.J. Swain, left Malta in May, 1960 and on the 25th April, 1960, Mr. C.V. Morris took over as Caretaker Secretary. Besides being Hon. Secretary and Team Secretary for the season 1959/60, Jim Swain had been Team Captain for 3 seasons 1957-60, and Fixture Secretary for the 1958/59 season. Quite a character on and off the field. Jim played a great part in reforming Overseas at the beginning of the 1958/59 season.</p>
</body>
</html>

