<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" lang="en">
<head>
    <title>1971/72 Report</title>
    <style>
        body { font-family: serif; margin: 1em; }
        h1 { text-align: center; }
        .center { text-align: center; }
        .justified { text-align: justify; }
    </style>
</head>
<body>
    <h1>1971/72</h1>
    <p class="center">Annual General Meeting, Marsa, Lodge, 23rd September, 1971.</p>
    
    <p>The following Officials were elected:</p>
    <ul>
        <li><strong>President</strong>: Mr. J.F. Christie</li>
        <li><strong>Vice-Presidents</strong>: 
            <ul>
                <li>Surg. Cdr. J. Alderson, R.N.</li>
                <li>Mr. J. Handford</li>
                <li>Mr. H. Harris</li>
                <li>Lt. A. Phillips, R.N.</li>
                <li>Mr. F. Kitson</li>
                <li>Mr. T.N. Ricketts</li>
            </ul>
        </li>
        <li><strong>Hon. Secretary</strong>: Mr. M.F. Lewis</li>
        <li><strong>Hon. Treasurer</strong>: Mr. R. Daley</li>
        <li><strong>Hon. Social Secretary</strong>: Mr. M. Holt</li>
        <li><strong>Club House/Bar Manager</strong>: Mr. D. Taylor</li>
        <li><strong>Team Captain and Hon. Fixture Secretary</strong>: Lt. A. Phillips</li>
        <li><strong>Team Vice-Captain</strong>: Mr. D. Riley</li>
        <li><strong>Tours Secretary</strong>: Mr. D. Taylor; Lt. A. Phillips; and Surg. Cdr. J. Alderson</li>
    </ul>
    <p><strong>Selection Committee</strong></p>
    <ul>
        <li>Team Trainer: Surg Cdr. J. Alderson</li>
        <li>Student Representative: Mr. J. Symes</li>
        <li>Inter Service Representatives: Lt. A. Phillips R.N., Flt. Lt. K. Prior R.A.F., Major R. Hurley Army</li>
        <li><strong>Social Committee</strong>: Messrs. R. Daley (Secretary); T. Ricketts; D. Taylor; M. Holt; F. Smith; J. Agnew; M. Lewis and C. Rice.</li>
        <li><strong>Club Bar Helpers</strong>: Messrs. M. Holt (Manager); R. Daley; D. Taylor; M. Barrett; F. Smith; J. Symes; D. Riley; C. Rice; B. Wood and E. Pearson</li>
    </ul>
    
    <h2 class="center">PLAYING SEASON</h2>
    
    <p class="justified">
        In spite of the political clouds on the horizon, the 1971/72 season started off normally. Training started on 
        the 30th September with circuit training in the gymnasium at Tel Handaq School under the supervision of Trev Ricketts.
    </p>
    
    <p class="justified">
        From the start there was a shortage of playing members, and although the Team Captain, Dave Taylor, believed that we 
        had a reasonably competent side, there was, on the occasion, difficulty in raising a side. Lack of interest in training 
        did not help. The two combined led to a number of defeats in the short lived season. It was not until the 18th December 
        that the Captain said in Committee that "Last Saturday's win" had shown a strong change in fortunes. This must have referred 
        to a game in which Overseas beat RAF 1st side 78 points to nil. Dave Taylor scored 4 tries. In all 14 tries were scored, 11 
        of which were converted by Charlie Rice. Unfortunately, there is not a complete list of games played and results. I believe 
        approximately 6 games were played before the withdrawal.
    </p>
    
    <p class="justified">
        The points value of a try was increased this season from 3 to 4. No rugby took place in Malta during the second half 
        of the season. This put paid to the plans ahead for the Rugby Festival which was to have taken place during Easter period 1972.
    </p>
</body>
</html>

