<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN" 
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
    <title>Tour Fund and Social Events</title>
    <style type="text/css">
        body { font-family: "Courier New", monospace; margin: 2em; }
        h1, h2 { text-align: center; }
        .center-text { text-align: center; }
        .tab { margin-left: 3em; }
        .amounts { text-align: right; width: 100px; }
        .double-line { border-bottom: 3px double #000; }
    </style>
</head>
<body>

<p>Brian Jackson, did a remarkable job of fund raising between Christmas and Easter. Without all this work and goodwill, the tours would not just have been flops - they would have been impossible.</p>

<h2 class="center-text">Tour Fund Without Club Contribution</h2>

<div class="tab">
    <p>
        From Members who went on tour to Messina<br />
        Donations<br />
        Fund Raising<br />
        Draw
    </p>
    <div class="amounts">
        <p>
            £ 79. 6. 5<br />
            £ 46.10.-<br />
            £ 73.19. 1<br />
            £ 59.14. 3<br />
        </p>
        <p>£259. 9. 9</p>
    </div>
</div>

<h2 class="center-text">Expenses</h2>

<div class="tab">
    <p>
        Mount St. Joseph Hse - Accommodation for CUS<br />
        Ghar Lapsi (Meals)<br />
        CUS Presentations<br />
        Savoy Garage (Hire of Buses)<br />
        Bar Manager (Drinks for Touring Players)<br />
        Cocktail Party<br />
        John Evans' Party (Service Transport)
    </p>
    <div class="amounts">
        <p>
            £ 93.15.-<br />
            £ 84.-.-<br />
            £ 25.12. 6<br />
            £ 19. 5.-<br />
            £ 19.14. 8<br />
            £ 19.-.-<br />
            £ 1. 9.-<br />
        </p>
        <p>£262.16. 2</p>
    </div>
</div>

<p>Copies of press photographs were sent to CUS, cost not known.</p>

<h2 class="center-text">Social Events during season, including Entertainment during Easter Tours</h2>

<div class="double-line"></div>

<p class="tab">
    Fri 22nd March &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Film Show<br />
    Fri 5th April &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Cheese & Wine Party; Buffet at the Club House for Nomads (Tripoli)<br />
    Tues 9th April &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Film Show and Draw<br />
    Sat 13th April &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Stag Party; Hot Pot & Buffet for CUS, Messina and John Evans' Party at Club House. Arranged By W. Woodley.<br />
    Sun 14th April &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Tour round Malta to view Island for CUS. Stopped at Ghar Lapsi for lunch.<br />
    Mon 15th April &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Dinner in honour of CUS at Ghar Lapsi (9pm)<br />
    Wed 17th April &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Cocktail Party for John Evans' Party at Brian Jackson's house.<br />
    Fri 26th April &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Annual Dinner Dance at United Services Sports Club, Marsa. 82 members attended.<br />
    Fri 3rd May &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Car Rally organized by John Why.
</p>

<p>A very unexpected but welcome guest arrived at the Cocktail Party held at Brian Jackson's house. The irrepressible John Evans, and I believe Jacko, together with other members of both 'teams', met Len Hutton and his wife somewhere 'about town'. They were on holiday in Malta. Such an important sportsman had to be invited.</p>

<p>Overseas members of the 1967/68 season will long remember it for the rugby provided, Tours, and the first class Social life. For myself, I regret to say, I left Malta on the 8th July, 1968.</p>

</body>
</html>

