<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
    <title>Hockey Section 1976/77</title>
</head>
<body>
    <h1 style="text-align: center;">HOCKEY SECTION 1976/77</h1>
    <p>
        <strong>Chairman</strong> P. Marchant<br />
        <strong>Hon Secretary</strong> D. Walker<br />
        <strong>Hon Treasurer</strong> P. Marchant<br />
        <strong>Hon Social Secretary</strong> D. Walker<br />
        <strong>Team Captain</strong> C. Fitches<br />
        <strong>Vice-Captain</strong> D. Walker
    </p>

    <p>
        Overseas Hockey XI started off the season in fine style by beating 234 Signal Squadron. 
        However, this high standard was rarely emulated again during the season for various reasons, 
        mainly the unavailability of players. Indeed, it became increasingly difficult to meet our 
        league commitments, although this was at times because the opposition cancelled matches, 
        and it was not always possible to accommodate the offered return fixtures.
    </p>

    <p>
        The high standard was again produced in the Services Knock-out Cup. On the way to the final 
        we defeated 234 Signal Squadron by 5-1 and St. Angelo by 3-1, and in the final we held the 
        powerful 41 Commando to a goalless draw at full time, only to be defeated in extra time by 
        sheer stamina.
    </p>

    <p>
        Due to the gradual withdrawal of different Service Units from Malta the League was sadly 
        depleted with only 5 teams taking part, namely, Overseas, 234 Signal Squadron, St. Angelo (Navy) 
        R.A.F., and 41 Commando. Opposition was difficult to find, and at the end of the season 4 
        league fixtures were unplayed.
    </p>

    <p>
        When at full strength Overseas Hockey Team for 1976/77 ably led by Charles Fitches, was 
        probably one of the strongest and most successful teams in the Section's history. Our fast 
        and hard hitting forward line included John Whitehead, who set the standard for the team and 
        was our leading striker and goal scorer, ably supported by Ken Dobell. The team this year 
        did not include any lady members.
    </p>

    <p>
        Players for 1976/77 were: C. Fitches (Captain); D. Walker, (Vice-Captain); P. Marchant; 
        J. Whitehead; M. Crossfield; K. Dobell; G. Davey; H. Ritchie; T. Ricketts; J. Slide; 
        S. Newman; D. Longlands. Tal Handaq Boys, D. North; S. Oliver; M. Beresford.
    </p>

    <p>
        Left Malta in July, 1977: K. Dobell, S. Newman, D. Longlands, D. North; M. Beresford.
    </p>

    <p>
        <strong>Hockey League - 'Overseas'</strong><br />
        P4 - W1 - L3
    </p>
</body>
</html>

