<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN" 
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
    <title>Club Rules</title>
</head>
<body>
    <p>Committee for its management and its Chairman and Hon. Secretary shall be Officers of the General Committee.</p>
    
    <p>7 A quorum for the General Committee shall consist of one third of the Committee.</p>
    
    <p>8 The Annual General Meeting to be held in September and the financial year to end on the 31st August.</p>
    
    <p>9 Members to be given 14 days notice of a General Meeting. Items for inclusion on the Agenda to reach the Hon. General Secretary not later than seven days prior to the meeting. Extra-Ordinary General Meetings may be called by ten or more members or by a majority vote of the General Committee.</p>
    
    <p>10 The Club cannot accept liability for any loss, accident or injury which may occur on the field of play or on the Club premises.</p>
    
    <p>11 That the sanction of two thirds of the number of members present and voting at the Annual General Meeting or Extra-Ordinary General Meeting is required for the passing of any resolutions to alter the rules.</p>
    
    <p>Any other resolutions shall be passed by simple majority.</p>
    
    <p>12 Membership Fees:</p>
    <ul>
        <li>a) Playing Member - Annual Subscription £M1.</li>
        <li>b) Social Member - £M1.</li>
        <li>c) Student Member - 50 cents</li>
    </ul>
    
    <p>a, b, c. have full privileges.</p>
    
    <p>13 That these rules be placed on the Club Notice Board, and a copy be forwarded to each member.</p>
    
    <p>14 That in the event of the Club winding-up, the Committee in office at that time should be given authority to use any surplus funds in the furtherance of the name of Overseas Rugby and Sports Club, Malta, G.C.</p>
    
    <p>15 New members must be proposed and seconded by existing members and elected by the General Committee.</p>
    
    <p>16 Membership will cease if</p>
    <ul>
        <li>a) A member gives notice in writing to the Committee to cancel his membership</li>
        <li>b) A member fails to pay his annual subscription by 31st December and the Committee removes his name from the list of members.</li>
        <li>c) A member is guilty of misconduct and in the opinion of the Committee his membership should be cancelled.</li>
    </ul>
    
    <p>17 Members may admit guests to the Club premises. The names and addresses of those guests must be recorded in the visitors book and members are responsible for the conduct of their guests.</p>
    
    <p>18 No entrance fee is payable for admission to Club Premises either for members or their guests.</p>
    
    <p>19 The Club premises may be open to members and their guests on any evening from 4.30p.m. to 1.00a.m. providing a Committee Member be present.</p>
    
    <p>20 No beer, wine or spirits will be sold to any member or guests under 16 years of age.</p>
</body>
</html>

