<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN" 
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <head>
    <title>Page 24</title>
    <style type="text/css">
      body {
        font-family: "Times New Roman", Times, serif;
      }
      .page-number {
        text-align: right;
        padding-right: 20px;
      }
      .section-title {
        text-align: center;
        font-weight: bold;
        margin: 20px 0;
      }
      p {
        text-indent: 0;
        margin: 0 0 10px 0;
      }
    </style>
  </head>
  <body>
    <div class="page-number">24</div>

    <p>
      for liquor and we were using his premises, also buying our
      stock from him at little over cost price. Bill Polkinghorne
      was elected Bar Manager with Club and Bar Accounts to be kept
      separate. Rent of the room was £10 per month. It was decided
      to open the Club House on Monday, Saturday and Sunday evenings
      at 7.30 p.m. and on any day after an Overseas match at 5.30 p.m.
      The Sunday evening opening was soon dropped.
    </p>

    <p>
      The Club House was closed for the close season as from the
      2nd March, 1959, when a final get together was held. All stock
      was sold at a very much reduced price on this night, a good
      time was had by all. One or two privates were calling their
      Commanding Officer by Christian name, and one Captain I know
      drove three soldiers home like long lost buddies. I do not
      know what happened next day.
    </p>

    <p>
      The Club House at Gerry's Bar was a partial success. It
      was too far away from the grounds for many players to make use
      of it after a game and it could have been used more when open
      of an evening (the old cry). From the income point of view
      the rent was too high and there was little or no profit from
      the bar during the first season. However, the Committee agreed
      that a Club House was essential, and that it had contributed
      a part in reforming and keeping the Club together. The Bar
      Manager, Bill Polkinghorne, and the Committee, men and ladies,
      had worked hard, putting in many hours in an attempt to make
      the Club House popular.
    </p>

    <p>
      At a pre season meeting held on the 6th October, 1959, the
      Committee were of the opinion that Gerry's Bar was suitable for
      a Club House. Unfortunately, continued poor usage of the Club
      House by members throughout the 1959/60 season suggested otherwise.
      In spite of lack of bar business the Club House managed
      a profit of £3.14s, thanks to the Bar Manager, Geoff Rushworth,
      and the Bar Committee, Messrs T. Goswell, V. Morris and A. Pagan.
    </p>

    <div class="section-title">
      AFFILIATION TO THE RUGBY FOOTBALL UNION
    </div>

    <p>
      On the 16th January, 1959, the first approach to the
      Rugby Football Union was made requesting affiliation. Mr. F.D.
      Prentice, then Secretary of the R.F.U., replied to our letter
      on the 30th January, 1959. Mr Prentice commented on the fact
      that we were the only Civilian Club in Malta and presumed,
      correctly (except for touring sides), that our matches were
      against Service teams. He suggested that when there were
      one or two Clubs in Malta playing Rugby Union Football, the Union
      of these Clubs should be called the "Malta Rugby Union" and
      then it would be possible for his Committee to consider affiliation.
    </p>

    <p>
      Unless no record has been kept of any other attempt, the
      next approach to the R.F.U. for affiliation was on the 28th
      December, 1961, by the Overseas Secretary, Mr. C.V. Morris. No
      copy has been kept of this letter. In his reply of the 13th
      December, 1961, Mr Prentice thanked Mr. Morris for his letter
      and the Fixture Card which he had enclosed. Mr. Prentice regretted
      that there was little likelihood of there being another Rugby
      Club in Malta but nevertheless enclosed a nomination form for
      Membership to the Rugby Football Union. Mr. Prentice ended his
      letter by saying that our application would then be placed before
      the Committee of the R.F.U. at a later date for election to
      membership for season 1962/63. Mr. Prentice's letter of the
    </p>
  </body>
</html>

