<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
    "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <head>
    <title>Playing Season</title>
    <style type="text/css">
      body { font-family: "Times New Roman", serif; margin: 2em; }
      h1 { text-align: center; }
      p { text-align: justify; }
      table { width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse; margin: 1em 0; }
      th, td { border: 1px solid black; padding: 0.5em; text-align: center; }
      th { background-color: #f0f0f0; }
      .note { font-style: italic; }
    </style>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1>PLAYING SEASON</h1>
    <p>
      1965/66 was another exceptionally good season from the 
      playing point of view. Overseas set off with a new set of 
      jerseys and play to match. The 5 pitches at the Marsa were all 
      available, i.e. Playable, from the 1st November, and the 
      Joint Services (Malta) Rugby Committee agreed that they be 
      allocated by the Fleet Recreation Officer. The first match 
      for Overseas was on the 10th November versus H.M.S. Rhyl.
    </p>
    <p>
      Once again the Team Captain’s end of season report has 
      been lost. After spending a number of hours in the Royal 
      Malta Library, Valletta, looking for information and results 
      in copies of the Malta News and Times of Malta, I compiled an 
      incomplete list of fixtures and results. Fortunately, Jack 
      Handford had kept his old fixture card, complete with results, 
      and this he has recently handed to me. Jack has also produced 
      an interesting list of player’s individual appearances over 
      four years. This list I will reproduce at the end of the 1965/ 
      66 'Playing Season' report.
    </p>
    <p>
      As in the previous season, according to the press 
      coverage in the Malta News by their Rugby Correspondent 
      ‘Ronnie Sacco’, the outstanding player for Overseas was Brian 
      Jackson (senior). I have no complete analysis of player’s 
      averages, but I have been informed by a very reliable source, 
      Jacko himself, that the total number of points scored by 
      Jacko during 1965/66 was 143. As mentioned previously in an 
      item about insurance, the Team Captain, Jack Handford, broke 
      his leg in December, 1965, and whilst Jack was out of action 
      the Team was Captained most capably by Peter Henshall.
    </p>
    <p>
      An interesting table in the Malta News (9th December, 1965) 
      gave a round up of Joint Services Inter Unit Rugby, ‘All 
      played on a friendly basis’. The table includes all teams 
      based in Malta during the early part of season 1965/66, indeed, 
      only the Sussex Regt. was not a permanent part of Malta Rugby 
      at that time. For the purpose of comparison 'Overseas', the 
      only Civilian Rugby Club in Malta, was included as a Service 
      Unit. It is a pity that a similar table was not included at 
      the end of the season. We would have topped the table.
    </p>
    <table>
      <thead>
        <tr>
          <th></th>
          <th>P</th>
          <th>W</th>
          <th>D</th>
          <th>L</th>
          <th>F</th>
          <th>AGST.</th>
        </tr>
      </thead>
      <tbody>
        <tr>
          <td>Luq</td>
          <td>4</td>
          <td>4</td>
          <td>0</td>
          <td>0</td>
          <td>50</td>
          <td>12</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td>Overseas</td>
          <td>3</td>
          <td>3</td>
          <td>0</td>
          <td>0</td>
          <td>79</td>
          <td>8</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td>Hawks</td>
          <td>3</td>
          <td>1</td>
          <td>1</td>
          <td>1</td>
          <td>26</td>
          <td>5</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td>Forts</td>
          <td>3</td>
          <td>1</td>
          <td>0</td>
          <td>2</td>
          <td>15</td>
          <td>27</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td>Sussex</td>
          <td>3</td>
          <td>1</td>
          <td>0</td>
          <td>2</td>
          <td>17</td>
          <td>23</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td>Nomads</td>
          <td>3</td>
          <td>0</td>
          <td>0</td>
          <td>3</td>
          <td>4</td>
          <td>94</td>
        </tr>
      </tbody>
    </table>
    <p>
      Highlights of the season, After 6 years Overseas managed 
      to beat Forts (Fort St. Angelo), 6 points to nil, in the 
      traditional Boxing Day match at the Marsa. For the first time 
      Overseas were winners of the ‘Plate’ in the Inter Service 7’s 
      (sometimes termed the Inter Unit 7’s) on the 19th February, 
      1966. Overseas 'B' to be exact. Overseas also received an 
      invitation to enter the Navy 7’s although no record remains 
      as to whether we entered same.
    </p>
    <p class="note">
      Two Touring sides visited Malta in the second half of the 
      season. Overseas played a British Army Team from Benghazi, N. 
      Africa, on the 30th January, 1966, losing 5 - 8. Benghazi 
      Bedouins kept an unbeaten record during their tour.
    </p>
  </body>
</html>

