<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN" 
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
    <title>Extraordinary General Meeting</title>
</head>
<body>
    <h1 style="text-align: center;">EXTRAORDINARY GENERAL MEETING OF THE CLUB</h1>
    <p style="text-align: center;">HELD AT 21, FLAGSTONE WHARF, ON THURSDAY, 8th JUNE,1978</p>
    
    <h2>AGENDA - FUTURE OF THE CLUB</h2>
    
    <p>
        At this meeting, it was agreed by 25 votes to 1 that the Club should continue under the same name and with the same objectives. The meeting recognised that the main emphasis of the Club activities would revolve around the Rugby Section. This was especially so, as the Forces School Teachers would be leaving the Island next month. The Overseas Cricket, Soccer and Hockey Sections were supported almost entirely by these teachers and therefore, had no chance of continuity on the Island.
    </p>
    
    <p>
        The meeting re-iterated that the Rugby Section, on the other hand, is well supported by quite a number of Maltese with Messrs D. Schembri, C. Borda, W. Ellul-Bonnici, N. Caruana, S. Mangion, T. Agius-Ferrante, M. Cassar and A. Darmanin forming the nucleus. Also, St. Edward's and De La Salle are progressing rugbywise under the guidance of Father Ferro and Mr John Taylor and if further encouragement is given, the University and Polytechnic should provide teams. There is, therefore, no reason why rugby should not continue on the Island with the main drive coming from 'Overseas'.
    </p>
    
    <p>
        At the E.G.M. an interim Committee for the 1977/78 season had to be elected owing to the departure from Malta of Messrs Ricketts (President); Latham (Membership Secretary); Crossfield (Bar Manager); and Newton (Social Secretary).
    </p>
    
    <p>
        It was recognised by the meeting that positions held by Messrs U. Davey, J. Bonner, D. Walker, P. Marchant, T. Jordan, D. Smith, B. Leonard, M. Plummer and M. Caseley would not be refilled.
    </p>
    
    <p>
        After a vote of thanks was accorded to the above (and in particular to Trevor Ricketts for his long, invaluable service) for the great work they had done for the Club and the time which they had devoted to the furtherance of their particular sport or sports, the following elections were made:
    </p>
    
    <ul>
        <li>President: C.J.M. Andrews</li>
        <li>Social Secretary: D. Schembri</li>
        <li>Membership Secretary: C. Borda</li>
        <li>Bar Manager: C. Borda</li>
    </ul>
    
    <p>
        The positions held by Secretary and Treasurer did not have to be altered as Messrs Macpherson and Andrews were remaining until the end of the season.
    </p>
    
    <p>
        Mr Cyril Fox would continue to provide his wise counsel as Vice-President and Chairman of the Special Steering Committee.
    </p>
    
    <p>
        Finally, Mr Jack Sharp would, the meeting hoped, continue (for as long as he remained in Malta) to be Chairman of the Rugby Section, which after all would be the backbone of the Club.
    </p>
    
    <p>
        The meeting closed confident that "A true sporting spirit will continue to be fostered on the Island of Malta by Overseas".
    </p>
</body>
</html>

