<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN" 
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <head>
    <title>Rugby Section 1975/76</title>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1>RUGBY SECTION 1975/76</h1>
    <p>Annual General Meeting, Club House, 21, Flagstone Wharf, Marsa, 11th September, 1975.</p>
    
    <p>The following Officials were elected:-</p>
    <table>
      <tr>
        <td>Chairman</td>
        <td>Mr. J. Sharp</td>
      </tr>
      <tr>
        <td>Hon. Secretary</td>
        <td>Mr. N.C. Morgan</td>
      </tr>
      <tr>
        <td>Hon. Treasurer</td>
        <td>Mr. D.J. Taylor</td>
      </tr>
      <tr>
        <td></td>
        <td>Mr. J. Andrews took over duties of Hon. Treasurer in December, 1975)</td>
      </tr>
      <tr>
        <td>Hon. Social Secretary</td>
        <td>Mr. J. Hughes</td>
      </tr>
      <tr>
        <td>Team Captain &amp; Fixture Secretary</td>
        <td>Mr. J. Hodgeon</td>
      </tr>
      <tr>
        <td>Vice-Captain</td>
        <td>Office remained to be filled</td>
      </tr>
      <tr>
        <td>'B' Team Captain</td>
        <td>Mr. M.N. Cassar</td>
      </tr>
      <tr>
        <td>Selection Committee</td>
        <td>Mr. J. Hodgeon (Vice-Captain and one other remained to be elected)</td>
      </tr>
      <tr>
        <td>Tours Secretary</td>
        <td>Mr. J. Hodgeon</td>
      </tr>
      <tr>
        <td>First Aid Man/Trainer</td>
        <td>Mr. J. Hodgeon</td>
      </tr>
    </table>
    
    <p>From the outset John Hodgeon said he would be a non-playing Captain and this left the problem of Captaincy on the field, and also the vacant position of Vice-Captain, to be settled. Niall Armstrong willingly captained the team on the field until he left Malta in October. At this point Brian Charnley tentatively agreed to take over from Niall, and James Andrews agreed to be Vice-Captain. The position was further complicated when John Hodgeon left Malta on the 21st January, 1976, but then Brian Charnley agreed to take over the Captaincy on and off the field. Mr. J. Sharp was elected as the 3rd Member of the Selection Committee, with the other two Members being Mr. J. Hodgeon, later Mr. B. Charnley (Captain), and Mr. J. Andrews (Vice-Captain). It was decided that as the number of Student Members had fallen in the previous season there was no requirement for Student Member of Junior Member Representatives. In fact no Student Members joined the Club in 1975/76. Mr. Hodgeon, later Mr. Charnley, represented Overseas on the Joint Services Rugby Committee.</p>
    
    <p>Through the good offices of Mr. Jack Sharp, Overseas was again given permission by the President of the National Sports Board, Dr. Benny Camilleri, to use the pitch at the Marsa. With the pitch having been watered throughout the summer by the National Sports Board it was in good condition at the start of the 1975/76 season, and no seeding had been required. Throughout the season the pitch was looked after by the Naval Sports Officer at St. Angelo, Lt. B. Traynor, also P.T.I. D. Cousins, with Mr. J. Andrews acting as link between the Sports Officer and the Rugby Section Committee. In January, 1976, following the departure of John Hodgeon, Lt. Traynor was asked to sit on the Rugby Section Committee as R.N. Representative.</p>
    
    <p>The season started with 3 practice games. These were against H.M.S. Intrepid on the 13th September, and against 'G' Coy. 41 Cdo on the 28th September and the 5th October. The Team on the Island throughout 1975/76 was undoubtedly 41 Commando, they proved unbeatable. This made the standard of all other teams, including Overseas, poor in comparison, and made for some heavy defeats, especially at 'B' team level. At 1st team level there were only 4 regular local teams, namely, Overseas, 41 Cdo, R.A.F. Luqa and</p>
  </body>
</html>

