<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN" 
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
    <title>Social Events</title>
    <style type="text/css">
        body {
            font-family: "Times New Roman", Times, serif;
            margin: 2em;
        }
        .center {
            text-align: center;
            font-weight: bold;
        }
        .justified {
            text-align: justify;
        }
    </style>
</head>
<body>

    <div class="center">SOCIAL EVENTS</div>
    
    <div class="justified">
        <p>In the months before Christmas most of the efforts of the Social Committee went into making a social success of the Malta tour by the Combined Services, Tripoli. The overall planning was done by the Working Sub-Committee but the special task for Overseas was to hold a Social Evening for the Other Ranks at our Club House, Marsa Lodge, on the 12th December, 1963. This was a success, helped by the fact that 6 crates of free beer were consumed during the evening. During the same evening an Official Cocktail Party was held at the Officers Mess Castille (Army HQ, Auberge de Castille, Valletta). Overseas was represented at this function by Jack Sharp (President), Vivian Morris, (Hon. Secretary), Jack Handford (Team Captain) and Frank Kitson (Committee Member).</p>

        <p>From the beginning of the season Mr. J. Osman took over from Mr. E. Battye as Social Secretary, Praise for the success of Social activities must go to both for work done whilst they were in office.</p>

        <p>A Tramps Ball held at the Club House on the 6th March, 1964 provided a first class evening. The band of the Royal Sussex Regiment attended.</p>

        <p>The Annual Dinner Dance was held at the United Services Sports Club, Marsa, on the 15th May, 1964. Financially, the Club lost £34 on the evening but, bearing in mind that a subsidy of 2/6d was paid on 125 tickets and 14 tickets at 17/6d each were donated to Club Guests, the loss was not out of proportion to the enjoyment and goodwill created on behalf of the Club.</p>

        <p>The Club House was closed for the summer months from 30th April to the 3rd September, 1964.</p>
    </div>
    
</body>
</html>

