<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
    <title>Overseas Rugby 1953-58</title>
    <style>
        body {
            font-family: serif;
            line-height: 1.6;
            margin: 1em;
        }
        .title {
            text-align: center;
            font-weight: bold;
            margin-bottom: 1em;
        }
        p {
            text-indent: 2em;
        }
        h2 {
            text-align: center;
            margin-top: 2em;
            margin-bottom: 0.5em;
            font-size: 1.2em;
        }
    </style>
</head>
<body>
    <div class="title">Expenditure on tankards at the end of the 1955/56 season was £10, i.e. 3 pint and 6 half pint tankards. The practice was discontinued after 1957/58 season. In later years, over different periods, tankards have been presented to leaving members, but never tied to membership subscriptions.</div>
    
    <p>The significant point of the above is that the object of the Club is now to provide rugby for all Service and Civilian players, not to 'U.K. based only'.</p>

    <h2>OVERSEAS ON THE FIELD, 1953-58</h2>

    <p>Overseas teams played through seasons 1953-58 with a high degree of success. Mike Phillips describes 1953-56 as '3 jolly good seasons' rugbywise, and this can also be said of the 1956-58 seasons. All games, at least during 1954-56 were played on a Sunday. The intention for 1956-58 was to play on Saturdays, with the odd game on Sundays, and if membership allowed, subject to the availability of a ground, to run both a Saturday XV and a Sunday XV. We did not in fact succeed in turning out two XVs, and kept mainly to Saturday games. Complete lists of games and results for 1954/55 and 1955/56, provided by John Chapman, have been included at the back of this history. Fixtures and results for the remainder of this period are either skimpy or not available. John Chapman also provided names of a successful team for 1953/54, also a list of players selected for Overseas teams during the same period, both included in the following pages.</p>

    <p>One of the outstanding players and personalities of Overseas during the 1953-56 period was John Mark, the athlete who, whilst at Cambridge carried the Olympic flame into the arena for the London Olympics (1952). A highlight during a game in 1955/56 is described by John Chapman as follows: "Overseas in 1955-56 lost to an R.A.F. (Malta) representative side 14-3. The R.A.F. side wanted a trial match prior to a short tour in French North Africa. Overseas spent about 90% of the match defending their own line. Then, from a kick out John Mark deceived the R.A.F. with his kick direction and sped after it like a whirlwind to score a try." Mike Phillips tells of one occasion when John Mark went over the line with 3 men hanging on to him. Perhaps something most rugby players have seen before, but a feat we always remember. Other remembered stalwarts of this era are 'Doc' Taylor, Mike Aldridge, Tony Clarke, Jock Stewart and John Kirkup.</p>

    <p>In 1956/57 the first half of the season was affected by the Suez crisis and little thought was given to rugby. The rugby pitches at the Marsa were covered with tents and equipment not to mention heavy military vehicles, and the pitches were ruined. The only pitch at the Marsa which could be played on was the one nearest and parallel to the Stadium. At least one game was played on this pitch by the 'Forts' whilst tents and equipment still covered the rest of the pitches. For the most part of what remained of this season all games were played at Ta' Qali, whilst the whole of the rugby playing area at the Marsa was being re-surfaced. The first game for Overseas in the 1956/57 season was on the 2nd December against the Forts at Ta' Qali.</p>

    <p>I personally remember seasons 1956/57 and 1957/58 with pleasure. During the first season I used to turn up for any</p>
</body>
</html>

