<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
    "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
    <title>Page 101</title>
    <style type="text/css">
        body { font-family: serif; }
        pre { white-space: pre-wrap; }
        h3 { text-align: center; }
    </style>
</head>
<body>
    <pre>
        had no fixture against any of the touring sides. Overseas
        was represented in the Malt XVs to play the tourists by
        Messrs. J. Glover; 3. Gradden; N. Armstrong; D. Tay10r;
        P. Joenring; C. Redlicott; C. Rice; K. Mathers; J. Mesuwale;
        M. Pearce; and C. Owens.

        Dates of Tours and Games Results - 1974

        Ynysddu R.F.C.          19th - 23rd March          
        Hirwain R.F.C.          23rd - 26th March  (Cancelled)
        Canterbury R.F.C.       23rd - 26th March
        Cardiff H.S.O.B.        2nd - 6th April

        Wed  20st Mar Knights(RAF) 20 vs Ynysddu RFC 10   Safi
        Thur 21st Mar 41 Cdo      12 vs Ynysddu RFC 20   Hal Far
        Fri  22nd Mar Malta XV    18 vs Ynysddu RFC 4    Safi
        Sun  24th Mar Overseas
             Hawks(RAF)           4 vs Canterbury RFC 20 Safi
        Mon  25th Mar Combined Srvs
             Mtarfa               4 vs Canterbury RFC 40 Hal Far
        Wed  3rd Apr Combined Srvs vs Cardiff HSOB      Safi
             41 Cdo               vs Cardiff HSOB B     Hal Far
        Thur 4th Apr Hawks/Mtarfa vs Cardiff HSOB B     Hal Far
        Fri  5th Apr Malta XV     vs Cardiff HSOB       Safi


        In his end of season report the Team Captain said that our
        standard had fallen slightly from the previous season. He also
        said that the Colts XV was a joy to watch, they had produced some
        e1ce11cnt players. This was confirmed by the Rugby Section
        Secretary. The Colts were a credit to Marcus Halliday, Dave
        Taylor and 'Gentleman' Jim Misuwale, who organized and
        trained them. Comprised mainly of juniors, they suffered
        defeats but they were never disgraced, and they won one or
        two notable victories.

        With so much young talent it was difficult to select a
        candidate for the 'Most Improved Player of the Year' Cup. It
        was decided to present 2 Cups, the first to the 'Most Improved
        Player of the Year', who must be a regular playing member of
        the 1st XV, and the second to the 'Young Player of the Year'
        who has contributed most to Rugby amongst the young on the
        Island. In Committee it was decided to ca11 the second Cup
        the 'Colts Cup'.

        The Cups for 1973/74 were presented as follows:-

        Most Improved Player of the Year - Mr. K. Van der BIjk
        Young Player of the Year           - Mr. D. McKenzie.

        We entered 3 teams in the Inter Service 7's Tournament,
        Overseas 'A' and 'C' teams were losing finalists in the Cup
        and Plate respectively. Both Cup and Plate were won by
        teams from H.M.S. Hermes.

        Overseas Rugby Section was represented on the R.F.U.
        Committee by Mr. D.L. 'Sandy' Sanders in his capacity as
        representative of the Central District (U.K.). We were
        listed in the R.F.U. Handbook, under Overseas Unions and
        Clubs, as Overseas (Malta).

        PLAYING RECORD FOR 1973/74

        1st XV  P18 - W11 - L6 - D 1      Points for 390  Against 223
        B XV    P19 - W 6 - L12- D 1     Points for 215  Against 321
    </pre>
</body>
</html>

