<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
    <title>Hockey Section 1973/74</title>
</head>
<body>
    <h1>HOCKEY SECTION 1973/74</h1>

    <p>As previously stated, the Overseas Hockey Team became a Section of Overseas Rugby and Sports Club on the 18th October, 1973. The Hockey representative, Mr. D. Taylor, spoke in support of the application for membership.</p>

    <p>Officials of the Hockey Section for 1973/74</p>
    <ul>
        <li>Chairman: Mr. D. Taylor</li>
        <li>Hon. Secretary: Mr. D. Ditcham</li>
        <li>Team Captain: Mr. R. Ward</li>
    </ul>

    <p>For details of the history of the Hockey Section, and results for 1973/74, I am indebted to Mr. D. Taylor and Mr. D. Ditcham. I also found useful information in the Dolphin &amp; Eagle.</p>

    <p>Mr. Ditcham informed me that when he first arrived in Malta in September, 1971, there were several teachers at Tal Handaq, including Mr. Taylor and Mr. Ward, who had previously entered the Inter Service 6 a-side Hockey Tournament each year. Mr Ditcham joined their ranks. As the majority of the players were already members of what was then the Overseas R.U.F.C., it was a natural development to call the team 'Overseas'.</p>

    <p>Following the British Forces withdrawal and subsequent return, the Navy P.T. Department in Malta organized the Joint Services Hockey League. Teams were entered by St. Angelo, 41 Cdo, R.A.F. Luqa, 234 Signal Squadron and R.N. Hospital Mtarfa. Overseas entered the League at the start of the 1973/74 season. League fixtures for 1973/74 ran from October to February and from the 8 games played Overseas derived 4 points - a long way behind the Champions, 41 Cdo, who remained unbeaten.</p>

    <p>During this season Overseas also played a number of friendlies against H.M.S. Hermes, H.M.S. Lynx, H.M.S. Hampshire and the local team 'Young Stars'. In this inaugural season Overseas Hockey Team played a total of 14 matches, scoring 17 goals and conceding 34. Overseas lost 3 - 2 to H.M.S. Hermes on Easter Monday.</p>

    <p>With permission from the Navy, Overseas home ground was at Corradino. Overseas colours, white shirts and black shorts.</p>

    <p>Although the hard core of Overseas players came from S.C.S., Tal Handaq, anyone was eligible to become a member of the Club and so play for the team. For the 1973/74 season the team was invariably made up from R. Ward (Captain), D. Ditcham, D. Taylor, H. Ritchie, Mave Turner, P. Joernning, P. Marchant, M. Lewis, J. Whitehead, F. Frendo, T. Ricketts, P. Wright, J. Bonner, and J. Glover. The only lady in the side, Mave Turner, was an exceptionally good player.</p>

    <p>It is worth pointing out that of the names mentioned, at least four, namely, J. Glover, T. Ricketts, D. Taylor and P. Joernning, played, or had played for the 1st teams of each of the four sections, Rugby, Cricket, Soccer and Hockey. P. Wright played for the 1st teams of the Soccer, Cricket and Hockey Sections. Even from the few names mentioned, one can see the sound argument of those advocating joining the four sections under one roof.</p>

    <p>In the Joint Services 6 a-side Competition held on Sunday, 3rd March, 1974, a total of 15 teams competed, and these were split into 3 leagues. Overseas 'A' qualified for the Knock-Out final rounds by leading their league. They were eliminated 1 - 0 by H.M.S. St. Angelo, the eventual winners, in the quarter final.</p>
</body>
</html>

