<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" lang="en">
<head>
    <meta charset="UTF-8"/>
    <title>Scanned Page</title>
    <style>
        body {
            font-family: sans-serif;
            margin: 20px;
        }
        h2 {
            text-decoration: underline;
        }
        .section-title {
            font-weight: bold;
        }
    </style>
</head>
<body>

    <p>Ralph DeJear was awarded the Sam Ward Cup as the most improved player of the season. Ralph McGillivray, Overseas Team Captain of 1961/62, was selected to referee the Inter Service match on the 13th February, 1965, between the Army (Malta) and the Navy (Malta).</p>

    <p>At the start of the season concern was shown by Overseas General Committee in the shortage of players. This problem has always been with us, increasingly so each year as the number of Service personnel stationed on the Island has decreased. The Overseas Secretary, Vivian Morris, wrote to a number of local firms, including Swan & Hunters, Shell Malta, Cable & Wireless, R.F.A’s, and also to the Personnel Officer of the Malta Drydocks, trying to interest members of their staff rugbywise. The Secretary also wrote to the Rector of St. Edward’s College trying to interest the Maltese Students in the game, with no success. Fortunately, as has already been shown by the number of reserves arriving during season 1964/65, the team was considerably strengthened.</p>

    <h2>PLAYING RECORD</h2>
    <p>(Up to the 14th January, 1965 From Team Captain's Report)</p>

    <p>Saturday Matches P9 - W6 - L2 D1 Points for 143<br/>
    Against 47</p>

    <p>Sunday Matches P5 - W4 - L1 Points for 106<br/>
    Against 34</p>

    <p>Total: All Matches P14 - W10 - L3 - D1 Points for 249<br/>
    Against 81</p>

    <h2>PLAYING RECORD TO END OF 1964/65 SEASON</h2>

    <p>Total: All Matches P26 - W17 - L8 - D1 Points for 467<br/>
    Against 167</p>

    <h2>SOCIAL EVENTS</h2>

    <p>The innovation of Film Evenings for members and ladies proved a success. Through the kind services of Mr. J. Sharp, Overseas President, in providing films, equipment and projectionist, four Film Evenings were held at the Club House between November and March. All were well attended and overall were financially successful. Buffet arrangements were made by Mr. Ben Bush.</p>

    <p>A successful Christmas Draw made a handsome profit of £29. Once again Ben Bush provided the buffet. A Stag Hot Pot Supper was held at the Club House on the 14th February, 1965. This was judged to be an excellent evening.</p>

    <p>Games Nights were held at the WO's & Sgts Mess, Mtarfa, on the 16th January and on the 10th April, 1965, also at the Ordnance Social Club, Ospizio, on the 20th March, 1965. The second games night at Mtarfa was in the nature of a reciprocation by the Overseas RFC who were unable to act as hosts at Marsa Lodge. No reason was given.</p>

    <p>The Playing season social activities ended with the Annual Dinner Dance at the United Services Sports Club, Marsa on Friday, 2nd April, 1965. Joe Camilleri's band attended. Once again a high number of Official Guests were invited,</p>

</body>
</html>

