<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
    <title>Soccer Section 1974/75</title>
    <meta charset="utf-8"/>
    <style type="text/css">
        body { font-family: "Times New Roman", serif; }
        .center { text-align: center; }
        pre { font-family: "Courier New", monospace; }
    </style>
</head>
<body>

    <h2 class="center">SOCCER SECTION 1974/75</h2>
    <p class="center">Annual General Meeting, Club House, 21, Flagstone Wharf, Marsa, 5th September, 1974.</p>

    <p>The following Officials were elected:--</p>
    <pre>
Chairman              Mr. T.N. Ricketts
Hon. Secretary        Mr. P. Wright
Asst. Hon. Secretary  Mr. W. Newton
Hon. Treasurer        Mr. G. Porter
Hon. Social Secretary Mr. J. Bonner
Team Captain          Mr. J. Glover
Vice-Captain          Mr. P. Wright
Selection Committee   Chairman, Captain and Vice-Captain
    </pre>

    <p>For the Soccer Section the season was one of mixed fortunes. In the Major League we were unable to maintain our high standard and managed only 7 points from 8 games. This can be attributed in part to the fact that the league programme was affected by the withdrawal of 41 Commando Group. The Team Captain, Jim Glover, reported in December, 1974, that games were only every two weeks (due to the withdrawal of 41 Cdo), the league was in a shambles (at the time of the report), and this was showing in our play. In spite of this, under his Captaincy, they played entertaining football and the team spirit remained high.</p>
    
    <p>In the Minor League it was a different story. Against strong opposition, especially from Engineering Wing and 203 Squadron, we remained unbeaten winning 15 out of 16 games, finishing the season as champions of Division I. The only point dropped was in a 4 - 4 draw with Ops. Wing.</p>
    
    <p>The Minor Units Cup Competition was run more on a League basis than a Knock-out. After a good win over 840 Signals Unit in the semi-final, 5 goals to 3, we were crushed by Engineering Wing in the final, 5 goals to nil.</p>
    
    <p>The main goal-scorers were again Pete Wright, who finished the season with a tally of 37, and Jeff Bonner with a creditable 18. 19 players appeared for the team during the season, 9 of these playing more than 15 of the 21 games. Pete Wright and Mike Novak were the two ever-presents in the side.</p>
    
    <p>During the close season of 1975 the Section lost at least 4 good players in Jim Glover (Team Captain), Peter Wright (Vice-Captain), Mike Novak and Malcolm Panter, the first 3 being regular 1st team players. Pete Wright had been Secretary for two years, 1973-75, and Malcolm Panter had been Treasurer for at least the year 1973/74.</p>
    
    <p>My thanks to Trevor Ricketts, Soccer Section Chairman, for details of the Soccer Section results for 1974/75. In his end of season report Trevor said the following:</p>
    
    <blockquote>
        "The Team spirit of the side was again very high and thanks for this are due to Jim Glover who skippered so well. Also in his absence I would like to thank Pete Wright who has organized the Club (Soccer Section) as Secretary so well for the last two seasons. We hope his successor will be able to maintain his high standard. A vote of thanks must also go to our Treasurer, Gerry Porter. It is always satisfying to be able to report to the
    </blockquote>

</body>
</html>

