<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
    <title>Scanned Page</title>
    <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="application/xhtml+xml; charset=UTF-8"/>
    <style>
        body {
            font-family: sans-serif;
            white-space: pre-wrap;
        }
        p {
            text-indent: 1em;
        }
    </style>
</head>
<body>
    <p>record for the season, losing only once to a resident team, <br/>
    the R.A.F. and we in turn defeated them twice.</p>

    <p>The Team Captain in his end of season report mentioned <br/>
    only one player. He described Derek Kiddle, from a Captain's <br/>
    point of view, as the ideal player, never missing a training <br/>
    session or a game, always on good time, and always going hard. <br/>
    The President, when particularly referring to people leaving, <br/>
    mentioned B. Jackson, a grand stalwart of all sports and of <br/>
    the Overseas Club, Peter Miller, whose forceful runs down the <br/>
    touchline thrilled all, and Derek Kiddle, who tackled all he did <br/>
    with the utmost vigour, whether on the field or in the Club. John <br/>
    Symes won the Cup for the 'Most Improved Player' of the year.</p>

    <p>For the fourth successive year John Evans brought a touring <br/>
    party to Malta from South Wales, on this occasion from the 8th <br/>
    to 14th April, 1971. This time, due to the rundown of the <br/>
    Services, the Army (Malta) authorities did not give permission <br/>
    for them to be accommodated in the Services Transit Accommodation <br/>
    Lintorn Barracks, Floriana. The party of 20 booked themselves <br/>
    into flats. John Evans XV played against Overseas on Saturday, <br/>
    10th April, and against the Combined Services on Monday, 12th <br/>
    April. No record remains of the names of players and officials <br/>
    in the party, or of the results and scores. Only because the <br/>
    teams which Overseas lost to during the season were named, do <br/>
    I know that Overseas were victors in the Overseas/John Evans <br/>
    XV game. In spite of this, John Evans spoke of it as being an <br/>
    excellent tour. This was the last tour that John Evans' party <br/>
    made to Malta. During their four tours they made a great <br/>
    contribution to rugby on the Island, they played magnificent <br/>
    entertaining rugby, and Overseas has much to thank them for, <br/>
    particularly John Evans.</p>

    <p>The Army (Cyprus) under Major P. Winchcombe, R.E.M.E., <br/>
    toured Malta in December, 1970 playing against Overseas on <br/>
    5th December. The RAF (Cyprus) toured Malta in January, 1971, <br/>
    playing against Overseas on the 30th January. Overseas lost <br/>
    to the Army 17 points to 0, and the R.A.F. 30 points to 0.</p>

    <p>The Tours Secretary, Eddie McClure, also carried out <br/>
    correspondence with Clifton RUFC, and the Secretary or Manager <br/>
    of the Paris Team, Didier Borsenaz, brother of Phillipe, <br/>
    former Overseas Player. Both these teams expressed a wish <br/>
    to tour Malta at Easter, 1972, and it was proposed by Overseas <br/>
    Committee to hold a Rugby Festival over the period covered <br/>
    by their intended visits. John Evans also expressed a wish to <br/>
    take part in the Festival. It was further proposed that a <br/>
    Committee, consisting of two Overseas Members, T.N. Ricketts, <br/>
    and W. Lewis, and three other Members, one from each of the <br/>
    Services, be formed to prepare the Festival. Major R. Hurley, <br/>
    Chairman Army RU(Malta), agreed that this was an excellent <br/>
    proposal and stated that he would suggest at the following <br/>
    Committee Meeting of the Inter Service Rugby Union (Malta) <br/>
    that it be accepted. This was not to be. With the with- <br/>
    drawal of the British Forces in January, 1972, and the consequent <br/>
    temporary disbandment of Overseas RUFC, no rugby was played on <br/>
    the Island during the second half of season 1971/72.</p>

    <p>On the 20th March, 1971, an Overseas Team, under the <br/>
    Captaincy of Ralph D'Oley, convincingly won the Inter Service 7's <br/>
    Competition. The following results show just how good and <br/>
    fit Overseas players were:-</p>
</body>
</html>

