<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN" 
    "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
    <title>Rugby History</title>
    <style type="text/css">
        body { font-family: "Times New Roman", Times, serif; }
    </style>
</head>
<body>
    <p>
        <strong>1949-50</strong> Med. Fleet (Possibly further fixtures between 1950 and 1954)
    </p>
    <p>
        <strong>1954-55</strong> E.R.A.'s Club<br/>
        <strong>1955-56</strong> H.M.S. Ranpura (Depot Ship)<br/>
        <strong>1956-57</strong> R.A.F. Ta' Qali<br/>
        <strong>1958-59</strong> H.M.S. Forth (Depot Ship)<br/>
        <strong>1961-62</strong> R.A.F. Siggiewi<br/>
        <strong>1963-64</strong> H.M.S. Ausonia (Depot Ship)<br/>
        <strong>1964-65</strong> Fort R.F.C. (Naval Shore Establishments - Formed 1956)<br/>
    </p>
    <p>
        <strong>1964-65</strong> H.M.S. Falcon (R.N. Air Station, Hal Far)<br/>
        <strong>1966-67</strong> Fort St. Angelo (Naval)<br/>
        <strong>1970-71</strong> Nomads (Signets) (Small Units Army Team - Formed 1957)<br/>
    </p>
    <p>
        <strong>1973-74</strong> Hawks R.F.C. (R.A.F.)<br/>
        <strong>1974-75</strong> 234 Signal Squadron (Army)
    </p>
    <p>
        H.M. Ships Ranpura, Forth and Ausonia, all Depot Ships, possibly relieving each other, 
        but this proves that the last of the big Depot Ships, at least providing Rugby opposition, 
        departed Malta in 1964. Fort St. Angelo appeared on the scene in 1964-65 and was initially 
        known as 'Fort St. Angelo (Bastions - Forts 2nd Team)' or 'Bastions'. Forts R.F.C. 
        disappeared as a Club after the 1964/65 season, after which the Navy Shore Establishments 
        continued to put out a team up to the end of 1966/67 as Fort St. Angelo. I believe Hawks 
        R.F.C. was first formed as an R.A.F. small units team. It ceased to exist in name after 
        1973/74, although it probably carried on as R.A.F. 'B' Team. 234 Signal Squadron ceased as 
        a team after 1974/75, although the unit provided players for an Imtarfa XV in 1975/76. I have 
        not included the main Army opposition as this depended on the regiment serving in Malta at any 
        particular time and this opposition is still provided by 41 Royal Marine Commando (1977/78).
    </p>
    <p>
        Once again the National Sports Board, Malta, gave Overseas Rugby Section permission to use 
        pitches, known of old as numbers 2 and 6, at the Marsa Playing fields. These rugby pitches were 
        for the use of Overseas Rugby Team and their opponents. For use of these pitches we must thank 
        Mr. C. Cauchi, who gave us permission on behalf of the National Sports Board, and also our 
        Section Chairman, Mr. J. Sharp, who negotiated on the Club's behalf. We had to look after and 
        mark the pitches ourselves, with the use of equipment loaned by the Services, and this was 
        ably done by Dave Taylor, Dave Snaith, and Jim Masuwale. Number 2 pitch proved a little 
        dangerous at times when the local Archery Club were practising. This problem was solved when 
        they kindly agreed to change the direction of flight of arrows!
    </p>
    <p>
        At the start of the season Col. W.E.B. Dansie agreed to be the rugby Press Relations Officer. 
        Both Col. Dansie and Mr. Sharp gave the local papers details of games and results.
    </p>
    <p>
        At the Annual General Meeting, Mr. D. McKenzie, the Student Representative, had informed the 
        Committee that 20 players were keen to play for the B side. They were mostly pupils from Tal 
        Handaq School. During the Season this B side became known as the 'Colts' or 'Junior Side'. 
        Their ages varied from 14 to 19, with the odd stalwart to add strength, and one must appreciate 
        that the only opponents available at this time were adult teams. They were organized and trained 
        by Marcus Halliday, Dave Taylor, and Jim Masuwale, and very ably led by their Team Captain, Don.
    </p>
</body>
</html>

