<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html 
    PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
    "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
    <title>Page 55</title>
</head>
<body>
    <p>fourteen in all, and resulted in a loss of £12 against the loss of £34 the previous season.</p>
    
    <p>The Social Secretary, Mr. D. Henry left Malta during April, 1965, and he was succeeded by Ben Bush who was co-opted onto the General Committee for the summer months.</p>
    
    <p>Initially, it was proposed to close the Club House during the close season as from the end of April, 1965. However, because of the keenness of members to keep the Club open, the General Committee authorised and set up a Sub-Committee to be responsible to the Main Committee for all activities which took place during the summer. This Sub-Committee has already been mentioned under the heading "Club House - Marsa Lodge". All functions arranged during the summer were well attended including the normal Thursday ev-ings. The purchases of a large refrigerator from M.P.B.W., Imriehel, for £20, at the beginning of the summer undoubtedly contributed to the success of the venture.</p>
    
    <h2>OVERSEAS CRICKET SECTION</h2>
    
    <p>During the summer months of 1965 an Overseas Cricket Team was formed. A previous attempt had been made in 1964 but the idea had been dropped through lack of support and lack of cricket gear. Initially, the cricket team was formed as an activity to keep members of the 'Rugger Club' in touch throughout the summer months. Indeed, the 'games of cricket at the Marsa' helped to make the summer social life at the Club House during this period such a success. A meeting of all Overseas members interested in cricket took place at Marsa Lodge on the 6th May, 1965, when a Captain and two Vice-Captains were elected and a Selection Committee formed. For this first season games were played outside the league programme.</p>

    <p>The pioneers mainly responsible for the formation of the Cricket Team Section were, amongst others, John Osman in 1964, and Peter Ratcliffe (affectionately known as 'Ratty'), Brian Jackson (Jacko), Ralph Daley, David Agar, Peter Cantello, Jack Hambham, John Evans, Jack Roberts, Vic Jones, Peter Garnons-Williams, and big Ben Bush, in 1965. Not forgetting the General Committee behind them.</p>
    
    <p>Following is a copy of Ben's Letter:-</p>

    <p style="text-align: right;">30th April, 1965.</p>
    
    <p>Dear Members,</p>
    
    <p>On Thursday, May 6th, 1965, there will be a meeting at Marsa Lodge of all members interested in the formation of an Overseas Cricket Team. This will not be a separate club but an activity to keep members of the Rugger Club in touch throughout the summer months.</p>
    
    <p>Business to be discussed includes the election of a captain, vice-captain and selection committee, availability of players, grounds and fixtures, etc.</p>
    
    <p>I should be grateful if you would complete and return the attached form at your earliest convenience, to give some idea of the numbers likely to attend.</p>
</body>
</html>

