<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN" 
    "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
    <title>Document Page</title>
    <style type="text/css">
        body {
            font-family: "Courier New", Courier, monospace;
        }
        p {
            margin: 20px;
            text-align: justify;
        }
        .footer {
            text-align: center;
            margin-top: 40px;
        }
    </style>
</head>
<body>
    <p>
        in diaries were kept for 1948-51 seasons. These are incomplete.
        During this early period Overseas could field two reasonably
        strong teams, both on the same day. There was no shortage of
        opponents, although then, as now, the only civilian opponents
        were touring sides. There was a reasonable fleet in Malta,
        and we played many teams from H.M. ships and Shore Establishments,
        besides army and R.A.F. Most of our games were played on
        Sundays. Our standard was good. The highlight of the rugby
        season was the game against the Mediterranean Fleet. Before
        proceeding on its Spring cruise to Gibraltar and there playing
        against the Home Fleet, the Med. Fleet used to play the
        Overseas XV as a trial match. It was a means of blooding (not
        literally) the navy team. There is a record of one such
        match at Tal Qali on the 11th December, 1949, with the score,
        Overseas 3 - Med. Fleet 8. Overseas used to help the mid-
        shipmen of the Med. Fleet in the same way.
    </p>
    <p>
        One person who played occasionally for Overseas between
        1949 and 1951 is the present First Sea Lord, Admiral Sir
        Terence Lewin. Admiral Lewin was a very keen rugby enthusiast,
        as indeed he still is, and he kindly replied to my enquiry
        with the following: "I served in HMS Chequers based in Malta
        from August 1949 until October, 1951. During that time I
        played for anybody that was running a side and turned out
        several times for the Overseas, roped in, as far as I can
        remember, by Bill Wren; this was because my ship was not big
        enough to run a side of its own. I was, however, at the
        same time playing for the Flotilla side and also for the
        Royal Navy."
    </p>
    <p>
        George Holt writes of the period 1950-51 when Jack
        Asbury was Team Captain. George has no doubt that under
        Jack Asbury's leadership the team standard improved. He
        cites two games in this season when Overseas played against
        two touring sides, the French Air Force from Tunisia and the
        Grenadier Guards from Tripoli. The games were watched by the
        Queen, Princess Margaret and Lord Louis Mountbatten. The
        French beat Overseas by the odd try and George Holt blames
        himself for this (one of those memories). The first half
        was played with the smaller French rugby ball and the second
        half with larger type that we use. The try was scored when
        a Frenchman holding the small ball in the palm of his hand
        waved it in front of George. George was mesmerised by it
        and tackled the spot where the ball had been, instead of
        the man.
    </p>
    <p>
        Information about the Overseas XV in the 1951/52 season
        comes from a copy of the R.A.F. news sheet called 'Luqa Lens'
        dated January, 1952. This particular copy was passed on to
        me by Trev Rickettes, the present President of Overseas, and
        although it is appertaining to R.A.F. rugby, it is also part
        of Malta and Overseas rugby, and I quote:-
    </p>
    <div class="footer">
        <p>LUQA LENS</p>
        <p>January, 1952</p>
        <p>
            Congratulations to the Station Rugby Team on
            putting up such a fine showing this season.
        </p>
        <p>
            Up to date the team has played thirteen matches,
            won 11 - lost 2, with a total of 228 pts for, and 62
            pts against - a very creditable performance indeed.
        </p>
    </div>
</body>
</html>

