<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN" 
    "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <head>
    <title>1966/67 AGM</title>
    <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="application/xhtml+xml; charset=UTF-8" />
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1>1966/67</h1>
    <p>Annual General Meeting, Marsa Lodge, 27th October, 1966.</p>
    <p>The following Officials were elected:</p>

    <table>
      <tr>
        <td>President</td>
        <td>Mr. J.P. Ratcliffe</td>
      </tr>
      <tr>
        <td>Vice-Presidents</td>
        <td>Mr. N. Johnson<br />
            Mr. G.G. Jackson<br />
            Mr. L. Duncan<br />
            Mr. J.D. Green</td>
      </tr>
      <tr>
        <td>Hon. Secretary and<br />Hon. Fixture Secretary</td>
        <td>Mr. E.W. Platt</td>
      </tr>
      <tr>
        <td>Asst. Hon. Secretary</td>
        <td>Mr. N.C. Morgan</td>
      </tr>
      <tr>
        <td>Hon. Treasurer</td>
        <td>Mr. P. Bennie</td>
      </tr>
      <tr>
        <td>Hon. Social Secretary</td>
        <td>Mr. D. Agar</td>
      </tr>
      <tr>
        <td>Club Bar Manager</td>
        <td>Mr. B.S. Jackson</td>
      </tr>
      <tr>
        <td>Team Captain and<br />Hon. Team Secretary</td>
        <td>Mr. B.S. Jackson</td>
      </tr>
      <tr>
        <td>Team Vice-Captain</td>
        <td>Mr. J. Handford</td>
      </tr>
      <tr>
        <td>Selection Committee</td>
        <td>Messrs. B.S. Jackson, J. Handford,<br />
            and P. Ratcliffe.</td>
      </tr>
      <tr>
        <td>Inter Service Representatives<br />on Bar Committee</td>
        <td>Lt. D. Brooks R.N.<br />
            Fl. Lt. C.A. O'Regan R.A.F.<br />
            Major J. Bird Army</td>
      </tr>
      <tr>
        <td>Social Committee</td>
        <td>Messrs D. Agar (Secretary)</td>
      </tr>
      <tr>
        <td>Club Bar Helpers</td>
        <td>Messrs. B.S. Jackson (Manager)<br />
            J. Woodrow, P. Henshall, J. Hitt,<br />
            P. Parker, N.C. Morgan and<br />
            D. Agar.</td>
      </tr>
    </table>

    <p>As shown above, Members who volunteered to do Bar Duties were named 'Bar Helpers', instead of, as previously Bar Committee Members. However, as described on Page 30 under 'Club House - Marsa Lodge', their duties were quite onerous without Committee work.</p>

    <p>Up to the A.G.M. (1966/67) the financial year ended on the 30th September. At the A.G.M. it was proposed and carried, that because of the difficulty in organising the A.G.M. early enough in October, the financial year should end on the 31st March.</p>

    <p>During this period the Club Accounts were audited by Turquand, Youngs and Co., Accountants of 10, South Street, Valletta. Four members who were on the staff of Turquand, Youngs and Co., and to whom the Club was most grateful, were Messrs. N. Johnson; J.L. Duncan; J.D. Green and P. Bennie. The first three named were Vice-Presidents of the Club between 1963 and 1969. Mr. Bennie was Hon. Treasurer of the Club 1965/67 although Mr. Green took over as acting Hon. Treasurer during the 1966/67 season. Mr. Green was elected Hon. Life Member of the Club at the A.G.M. of 1969/70. I believe there are other members of the staff of the same firm of Auditors who did sterling work for Overseas but unfortunately I do not know their names.</p>

    <p>At the end of the 1965/66 season three very staunch supporters of the Club resigned from Office.</p>

    <p>Jack Sharp had been President for four years and had decided not to stand for re election as he considered it time to make way for some other person. Jack, at this point of time</p>
  </body>
</html>

