<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN" 
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
    <title>Annual General Meeting 1979/80</title>
    <style type="text/css">
        body {
            font-family: serif;
            margin: 1em;
        }
        .title {
            text-align: center;
            font-weight: bold;
            margin-bottom: 1em;
        }
        .content {
            margin: 1em 0;
        }
        .officials, .season {
            margin: 1em 0;
        }
        .officials dt {
            font-weight: bold;
        }
        .playing-season {
            font-weight: bold;
            text-align: center;
            margin: 1em 0;
        }
    </style>
</head>
<body>
    <div class="title">1979/80</div>

    <div class="content">
        <p>Annual General Meeting, Club House, 21 Flagstone Wharf, Marsa,<br />
        27th September, 1979.</p>
        <p>Present 17 Members.</p>
        <p>The A.G.M. opened with Caretaker President, Mr. C. Fox, acting on behalf of the<br />
        President, Mr. J. Andrews, absent in U.K.</p>
        <p>At this A.G.M. it was decided that the privilege of being President should be<br />
        extended to one of our Maltese Members who has given service to the Club, and<br />
        that as far as possible the activities of the Club should be run by the young<br />
        Maltese Members.</p>
    </div>

    <div class="officials">
        <p>The following Officials were elected:-</p>
        <dl>
            <dt>President</dt>
            <dd>T. Agius-Ferrante (Resigned May, 1980)</dd>

            <dt>Vice-Presidents</dt>
            <dd>J. Sharp</dd>
            <dd>C. Fox (Took over duties of Chairman as from 13th May, 1980)</dd>

            <dd>D. Alexander</dd>
            <dd>D. Gribbon</dd>
            <dd>G. Attard</dd>

            <dt>Hon. Secretary</dt>
            <dd>T. Agius-Ferrante</dd>

            <dt>Hon. Treasurer</dt>
            <dd>J. Taylor</dd>

            <dt>Hon. Social Secretary</dt>
            <dd>D. Schembri</dd>

            <dt>Hon. Membership Secretary</dt>
            <dd>&nbsp;</dd>

            <dt>Team Captain</dt>
            <dd>C. Borda</dd>

            <dt>Bar Manager</dt>
            <dd>C. Mock</dd>

            <dt>Schools Representative</dt>
            <dd>M. Cassar</dd>

            <dt>Armed Forces Representative</dt>
            <dd>L. Vella Brincat (Elected by Calypso Club)</dd>

            <dt>Calypso Club Representative</dt>
            <dd>J. Young (Co-opted 31st January, 1980)</dd>

            <dt>Referee Representative</dt>
        </dl>
    </div>

    <div class="playing-season">PLAYING SEASON</div>
    
    <div class="season">
        <p>The rugby season of 1979/80 in fact turned out to be the last season in which<br />
        an Overseas XV took to the field. Inevitably it proved, after the British Forces<br />
        left Malta, in spite of valiant efforts to keep the game going, there were too<br />
        many insurmountable problems for rugby to continue in Malta. The first crack<br />
        appeared in Committee on the 31st January, 1980, and so, first, I will complete<br />
        the history to this point. From the 31st January decisions made in Committee<br />
        gradually planned the Club's Winding-up and then Closure, and in spite of these<br />
        decisions, a rearguard action was fought by the few rugby enthusiasts to save the<br />
        game in Malta.</p>

        <p>In April, 1979, after the British Forces pulled out, Overseas Secretary,<br />
        George Attard, reported that within the Club there was a strong determination to<br />
        carry on, although the immediate problem was the almost complete lack of<br />
        referees. This problem was fortunately remedied. In May, 1979, the President,<br />
        Mr. J. Andrews, said it was very difficult to put one completely in the picture<br />
        as circumstances were changing so quickly. One minute one felt pessimistic<br />
        about the future of rugby in Malta, and the next, one could be very optimistic.<br />
        In June, 1979, George Attard again reported that the members were looking to the<br />
        future.</p>

        <p>The reason for this optimism was the belief that a number of teams would be<br />
        formed to provide opposition. There was the strong possibility that the Armed<br />
        Forces of Malta would form one or two teams under the guidance of Marcel Cassar,<br />
        the Army Representative. St. Edwards College and De La Salle College were keen</p>
    </div>
</body>
</html>

