<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
<head>
    <title>Document</title>
    <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="application/xhtml+xml; charset=UTF-8" />
    <style type="text/css">
        body { font-family: serif; }
        .page-number { text-align: right; }
        .indent { margin-left: 2em; }
    </style>
</head>
<body>
    <div class="page-number">87</div>

    <p class="indent">withdrawal it was presumed that the disbandment of the Club was final. Remaining in Malta, Jim Christie, Arthur Phillips, and Jack Sharp, arranged settling of the Club's affairs, including the withdrawal of monies from the bank and sending of same to Mike Pearey for re-banking in U.K. Frank Kitson held the Secretary's books for future reference. Mike Pearey in the U.K. acted as contact between Overseas R.U.F.C. and R.F.U. Trevor Ricketts returned to U.K. and from his home continued to carry out the Secretary's duties and co-ordinated all arrangements by the different interested parties in Malta and the United Kingdom.</p>

    <p class="indent">On behalf of the Overseas Club, Mike Pearey approached the R.F.U. to find out their reaction to Overseas offering two trophies as awards for the winning international sides in the Schoolboy’s Championships at under 19 and under 15 level. In fact, Mike forwarded Trevor’s letter to this effect to the R.F.U. In reply, on the 24th January, 1972, Mr. Prescott, R.F.U. Secretary, said that both he and the President of the Rugby Union, Dr. T.A. Kemp, felt that trophies were a problem in themselves, more so when schools sides from year to year, owing no allegiance to any particular school, would have custody. Also, equally, problems of transport and insurance could present difficulties. Mr. Prescott suggested that the Overseas funds might be passed into a Centenary Youth Trust which was then being created and perhaps preferably utilised in some tangible and visible way at Twickenham to commemorate Overseas Club. Before it was decided one way or another the political scene suggested that Overseas might be resurrected. Mr. Prescott received this news with great satisfaction, hoping that Overseas would be revived and continue to prosper and flourish. He also said how our original offer had been appreciated.</p>

    <p class="indent">Arthur Phillips and Jim Christie closed the bank account, settled outstanding bills, and on the 17th March, Arthur Phillips sent the balance to Mike Pearey.</p>

    <p class="indent">On the 26th March, after protracted negotiations in London, Rome and Malta, a 7 year Defence Agreement was signed in London between the British and Malta Governments. From the 14th April, British Service personnel gradually started returning to the Island. In a letter to Jim Christie on the 16th April, Trevor Ricketts said, "It would appear that Overseas will be reborn in the not-too-distant future."</p>

    <p class="indent">On the 5th June, Mike Pearey wrote to Trevor informing him that he had invested the Overseas Rugby Funds in the National Savings Bank. £50 in an ordinary account and £223 in an investment account at 7.5%. In Mike’s words, the money was safe, could be withdrawn at one month’s notice and the National Savings Bank gave a reasonable dividend.</p>

    <p class="indent">In July, 1972, Trevor duly returned to Malta and immediately started picking up the debris and rebuilding Overseas. Arthur Phillips had in the meantime returned to U.K., but most of the Committee elected at the previous A.G.M. had either remained in or returned to Malta. A Steering Committee was held at 13, Zachary Street, Valletta, on the 21st September, 1972. Present were: Messrs J. Christie; T. Ricketts; J. Sharp; R. Daley; M. Lewis; D. Taylor; F. Kitson; and J. Handford.</p>
</body>
</html>

