<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
    "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
    <title>Cricket Section 1975</title>
    <style type="text/css">
        body {
            font-family: monospace;
            white-space: pre-wrap;
        }
        .center {
            text-align: center;
        }
    </style>
</head>
<body>

    <p class="center">CRICKET SECTION 1975</p>
    <p>Annual General Meeting, Club House, 21, Flagstone Wharf,<br />
    Marsa, Monday, 3rd March.</p>

    <p>The following Officials were elected:-<br />
    Chairman <span style="float: right;">Mr. A. Latham</span><br />
    Hon. Secretary <span style="float: right;">Mr. M. Newton</span><br />
    Hon. Treasurer <span style="float: right;">Mr. L. Finnis</span><br />
    Social Representative <span style="float: right;">Mr. G. Porter</span><br />
    Team Captain <span style="float: right;">Mr. T.N. Ricketts</span><br />
    Vice-Captain <span style="float: right;">Mr. M. Newton</span><br />
    Selection Committee <span style="float: right;">Messrs T. Ricketts, M. Newton and P. Wright</span></p>

    <p>Overseas were fortunate to retain most players from the<br />
    successful season of 1974, and again to be Captained by Trevor<br />
    Ricketts. We did not reach the height of the previous seasons<br />
    but nevertheless acquitted ourselves well, being runners-up<br />
    in both the league and in the 6 a-side competition.</p>

    <p>Net practice took place at the Malta Sports Club on<br />
    Tuesday evenings at 1600 commencing on the 1st April, and the<br />
    season started with the Malta Cricket League 6 a-side competition<br />
    on the 26th/27th April. For the 6 a-side Overseas entered<br />
    four teams out of a total of sixteen taking part. The eight<br />
    first round games were played on Saturday, 26th, and the<br />
    second round, semi-finals and final on Sunday, 27th.</p>

    <p>The Malta Cricket League started on the 3rd May and ended<br />
    on the 10th August, although the last game for Overseas was on<br />
    the 19th July, all games taking place at the Marsa. Seven teams<br />
    took part, all playing each other twice. During the games each<br />
    side was restricted to 36 overs batting and no bowler could bowl<br />
    more than eight overs. Perhaps the best game for Overseas was<br />
    against the previously unbeaten Puffins on the 15th July. Set<br />
    a target of 162 runs Overseas knocked them off for a loss of 4<br />
    wickets. The two Overseas batsmen in form were Pete Wright, 87<br />
    not out, and Jim Glover, 43.</p>

    <p>Malta Cricket League 1975 - Fixtures and Results for Overseas<br />
    Sat  3rd May   vs  RAF 'A'      Lost<br />
    Sat 10th May   vs  41 Cdo       Won<br />
    Sun 18th May   vs  Marsa S.C.   Won<br />
    Sat 31st May   vs  R.N.         Won<br />
    Sat  7th June  vs  RAF 'Puffins' Lost<br />
    Tues 17th June vs  Army         Won<br />
    Wed 25th June  vs  R.N.         Won<br />
    Fri 27th June  vs  Army         Won<br />
    Sat  5th July  vs  M.S.C.C.     Lost<br />
    Wed  9th July  vs  RAF 'A'      Won<br />
    Tues 15th July vs  RAF 'Puffins' Won<br />
    Sat 19th July  vs  41 Cdo       Lost</p>

    <p>Overseas League Record for 1975 P12 - W8 - L4  Pts 33</p>

    <p>The Malta Sports Club arranged friendly matches on Sundays<br />
    at the Marsa from June onwards.</p>

    <p>A wealth of cricket was provided by three good touring sides<br />
    from U.K. The Mendip Acorns visited Malta in May and again in<br />
    October, the second visit captained by D.J. Shepherd of Glamorgan.<br />
    In September we welcomed the 'Blighters', the touring team of</p>

</body>
</html>

