<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
<head>
    <title>Page 142</title>
    <style type="text/css">
        body {
            font-family: serif;
            white-space: pre-wrap;
        }
        .page-number {
            text-align: right;
            font-weight: bold;
        }
    </style>
</head>
<body>
    <div class="page-number">142</div>
    <p>to Makarska, near Split, Yugoslavia, at the invitation of the<br />
    Energoinvest Rugby Club. The cost proved prohibitive.<br />
    Investigations had also been going on into a more economical<br />
    tour to Messina and in answer to initial enquiries by Mr.<br />
    Ewan MacPherson, Rugby Section Secretary, the Centro Universitario<br />
    Sportivo (CUS), Messina, invited Overseas to tour. This offer<br />
    was accepted. After a great deal of further correspondence,<br />
    telephone calls and telegrams on the part of Jack Sharp, Ewan<br />
    Macpherson and James Andrews (Vice-Captain), the tour was<br />
    finally arranged for the 13-17 April, 1977. Unfortunately,<br />
    after all their efforts, the tour had to be cancelled on the<br />
    11th April due to lack of support from Overseas members. At<br />
    the time of cancellation only 13 players were available and<br />
    this comprised 8 Overseas members, including Trevor Ricketts<br />
    hoping to make his second tour to Messina, and 5 guests from<br />
    41 Commando (3) and the R.A.F. (2). This had been looked upon<br />
    as the last possible chance for an Overseas XV to make a tour.<br />
    The money to enable the tour to be made, a total of £475, had<br />
    been raised by a series of raffles, mostly at film nights, profit<br />
    from a disco in November, and from tickets, cabaret and raffle<br />
    at the Rugby Section Dinner Dance. Added to this the Steering<br />
    Committee (on run down of Club) had recommended to the General<br />
    Committee that a grant of £475 be made towards the expenses of<br />
    the proposed tour. At the suggestion of Mr. Sharp, 6 volunteers<br />
    for the tour who had been inconvenienced to a significant extent<br />
    by the cancellation were given complimentary tickets for the<br />
    Club's Annual Dinner Dance, at a cost of £130, also tankards<br />
    and ties were bought for those leaving (£10.95). The remainder<br />
    of the money raised was donated to the Cricket League Tour to<br />
    Corfu. Earlier in the season two U.K. Teams, the West Midlands<br />
    Police and Merthyr R.F.C., contacted Overseas requesting they<br />
    tour Malta possibly at Easter. These contacts came to nothing.<br />
    Fortunately, H.M.S. Hermes were visiting Malta at Easter, 1977<br />
    and enjoyable games were played against the Hermes and the<br />
    Glamorgan on the 9th and 10th April, also H.M. Yacht Britannia<br />
    on the 24th April.<br /><br />
    
    During the summer of 1977 the Team Captain, Brian Charnley,<br />
    and Bill Wood left Malta, and so the Overseas XV lost two of its<br />
    most consistant players and leading try scorers of the two seasons,<br />
    1975-77, added to which Brian had been one of the recognised<br />
    goal kickers. Both had represented Overseas in Combined XV's<br />
    and Bill played for the Navy (Malta) and usually in any Combined<br />
    Service XV's in Malta. Brian, who had been in charge of school-<br />
    boy rugby coaching and other requirements of the College rugby<br />
    sections during 1976/77 would also be missed in future school<br />
    rugby development. As Team Captain he had represented Overseas<br />
    on the J.S.R.C. and for his second and final year he had been a<br />
    Vice-President of the Club. Both men hard to replace.</p>
</body>
</html>

