<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN" 
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <title>Foreword</title>
  <style>
    body {
      font-family: "Times New Roman", serif;
      margin: 2em;
    }
    h1, h2 {
      text-align: center;
      text-transform: uppercase;
      margin-top: 2em;
    }
    p {
      text-align: justify;
      text-indent: 2em;
      margin-top: 1em;
    }
  </style>
</head>
<body>

<h1>Foreword by Cyril Fox</h1>

<p>In his foreword to the History of the Overseas Rugby &amp; Sports Club published in 1979, Trevor Ricketts, as the then President of the Club, paid a fitting tribute to Norman Morgan for producing such a wonderful documentary history of the Club since the year of its formation in 1946. This was a veritable encyclopaedia of rugby football played in Malta and showed Norman's dedication and devotion to the sport. Its 183 pages, packed with such detailed information, was a grand tribute to his love of the Club. And now the final Chapter, compiled with his customary meticulous regard for detail to bring us up-to-date with the closing to 1982.</p>

<p>When his duties finally took him away from us in 1976, we were sad indeed to lose him, but though far away he never lost his interest in the Club and now we are more than grateful for this his "swan-song", which will make interesting reading for years to come for those of us who still have fond memories of our days in Malta and the fellowship in sport which we were privileged to enjoy.</p>

<p>Though in my younger years I played hockey rather than rugger, when I retired to Malta in 1968 I found my allegiance changed and I spent many enjoyable hours cheering 'Seas from the touchline and then after the match celebrating (or otherwise) in the Clubhouse.</p>

<p>I sincerely hope that there will be a wide circulation of Norman's book.</p>

<h2>Acknowledgements</h2>

<p>The author wishes to acknowledge with thanks the following:-</p>

<p>Overseas Committees for making available all Committee and Annual General Meeting Minutes.</p>
<p>The Hon. Secretaries for forwarding Minutes; Messrs. E. Macpherson (1978), F. Roberts (1978-79) and G. Attard (1979-82).</p>
<p>The Hon. Secretaries, also Messrs. C. Fox, J. Sharp and J. Andrews for corresponding and providing material.</p>
<p>Miss. H. Martin and Ms P. House for proof reading.</p>
<p>Messrs. C. Fox and J. Andrews for checking copy, suggesting additions and providing material for same.</p>

</body>
</html>

