<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
    <title>Scanned Page</title>
    <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="application/xhtml+xml; charset=UTF-8" />
</head>
<body>
    <p>
        Commenced on the 3rd December in the gymnasium of Tal Handaq
        School, by kind permission of the School Authorities. The
        Club rugby training films were now held by Marcel Cassar, who
        acted as Librarian. The films were now coming into their own
        as different bodies were interested in using them, including
        the R.A.F., and the new teams of the University and the Colleges.
    </p>
    <p>
        Again, through the good offices of Jack Sharp, Rugby Section
        Chairman, the Secretary of the National Sports Board, Mr. Colin
        Cachia, gave Overseas permission to use the rugby pitch at the
        Marsa on Saturdays and Sundays for Club games, and on Mondays,
        Wednesdays and Fridays during the week for schoolboy training.
        Later in the season certain restrictions were imposed on the
        use of the pitch on training days, and on the odd occasion,
        such as the weekend of the 11th/12th December, we were unable
        to use the pitch due to local soccer being played there. During
        the season the Services did not need to use the Marsa for their
        home games. 41 Commando, with a Club House at R.A.F. Safi, now
        had their own pitch at Hal Far, and the R.A.F. still had their
        own pitch at Safi. The Colleges, University and Tal Handaq all
        used the one pitch at the Marsa with their games being played
        Monday to Friday. Through the good offices of the Naval Sports
        Officer, Lt. Dixon, and the R.N. Representative on the Rugby
        Section Committee, C.P.O. M. Kirk, the Overseas Club looked
        after the marking of the Marsa pitch and general care of the
        posts etc. During this season the Overseas Club had every
        reason to be grateful to the Representatives of the 3 Services
        who sat on the Rugby Section Committee. Not only for work done
        for the Club, but also for advice in Committee, and for the
        continued spirit of co-ordination of Overseas and Service Rugby.
    </p>
    <p>
        The most important aspect of the season was the continued
        interest and improvement in the game shown by St. Edward's
        College and De la Salle College, and the starting of the game
        at the Royal University of Malta. The Colleges and S.C.S. Tal
        Handaq had joint training sessions during the week at the Marsa
        under Mr. Ricketts and Mr. Charnley. The University players
        were well coached by Marcel Cassar and not only provided 'B'
        team opposition themselves, but were keen enough to play for
        Overseas 'B' team on the occasion, also to join in Overseas
        Training. The first game played by the University (R.U.M.) team
        was on the 25th November versus Overseas 'B' at the Marsa and
        this was great credit to Marcel. Mr. Charnley undertook to
        deal with coaching and other requirements of the various College
        Rugby sections. In November he informed the Rugby Section
        Committee that with 4 Colleges/School/R.U.M. in Malta there was
        the basis of a Junior League, and by January he reported that
        Tal Handaq, De la Salle and St. Edward's were now playing each
        other fairly regularly. The R.U.M. players proved too big for
        schoolboy rugby. The only disappointment was that St. Aloysius
        College, although interested, did not field a team, in spite of
        Mr. Sharp, Rugby Section Chairman, approaching the College
        suggesting schoolboy coaching. In March, Mr. Charnley ran an
        inter-College/School competition with St. Edward's, De la Salle
        and Tal Handaq taking part, and this proved a great success.
        At the time of the competition the R.U.M. were unable to field
        a side. Mr. Charnley said that the objectives in promoting
        a school's competition had been achieved.
    </p>
    <p>
        At the start of the season the Rugby Section Committee looked
        into the possibility of an Overseas party making a return visit
    </p>
</body>
</html>

