<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN" 
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
  <title>Playing Season 1960/61</title>
  <style type="text/css">
    body { font-family: "Times New Roman", serif; }
    h1, h2 { text-align: center; }
    p { text-align: justify; }
    .points { font-weight: bold; }
  </style>
</head>
<body>
  <h2>PLAYING SEASON 1960/61</h2>

  <p>In the words of Francis Chapelle, Team Captain, Overseas had quite a good playing record and exceeded expectations during the 1960/61 season. Viv Morris, Hon. Secretary and Team Secretary, said that it had been a successful season on and off the field.</p>

  <p>With three exceptions, games were played at the Marsa on the newly renovated grounds. Two games were at Ta' Qali and one away game at Hal Far. This season proved exceptionally hot, and lack of rain curtailed the number of games drastically. The first game was not until the 10th December, and the last was on the 11th March.</p>

  <p>The problem of getting Service teams to play on a Sunday, although always with us, seemed more acute in this season. Whilst it was suggested by Viv Morris, as the previous Fixture Secretary, at the A.G.M., that in view of the highly organized state of Service rugby and the difficulty of playing Associate or Full Service Members on a Saturday, it would be better to organize as many games on a Sunday as possible, this proved difficult. Frank Kitson, Fixture Secretary, was unable to persuade Service teams to play on a Sunday, although he had some hope against visiting ships. In fact, there were only two or three Sunday games throughout this season, and they were against H.M.S. Girdleness and R.N. School (Tal Handaq). I think this particular season stresses the difficulties Overseas faces in putting out a strong rugby XV without cooperation between Overseas and the Service teams. Having said this, I must stress that this co-operation, almost without exception, existed.</p>

  <p>It is of interest that Overseas played 2 games against Tal Handaq, losing the first 3-5 and winning the second 9-3. These games were played in good spirit in spite of the fact that the lads were tickled pink to suggest that they would get their own back for all detentions suffered. The 'Old Crocks' liked to get an outing in these games and this year was no exception. In the first game Bill Polkinghorne and Viv Morris trotted out onto the field and had to be almost carried off.</p>

  <p>During this season the Overseas applied to the Secretary Army R.U. (Malta) to take part in the Inter Service 7's Tournament. On this occasion it was refused.</p>

  <p class="points">PLAYING RECORD FOR 1960/61<br />
  P 15 - W 7 - L 8 &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Point for 103 &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Against 143</p>

  <h2>SOCIAL EVENTS</h2>

  <p>Although end of season accounts speak of expenses for two dances during the 1960/61 season, the minutes record plans for only one, that of the 28th January, 1961. This is particularly interesting because, although organized by the Overseas Committee, including army representatives, on the dance tickets the following was printed, 'The Army Rugby Club requests the pleasure' etc. One must remember, that during this season only, some functions were combined Overseas/Nomads efforts. In fact, in an open letter to Club Members.</p>
</body>
</html>

