<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
  <title>Document Page</title>
  <style type="text/css">
    body {
      font-family: "Courier New", Courier, monospace;
      white-space: pre-wrap;
    }
    .page-number {
      text-align: center;
      font-weight: bold;
    }
  </style>
</head>
<body>
  <div class="page-number">196</div>
  <p>
    team. At the Rugby Section A.G.M. David Schembri and Marcel<br/>
    Cassar had been elected to sit on the Rugby Section Committee<br/>
    to liaison with the Government and Private Schools respectively,<br/>
    and both did a great deal to further the game in Malta. Jack<br/>
    Sharp, Rugby Section Chairman, had also nominated David Schembri<br/>
    and Marcel Cassar to the Minister of Sport as being able to do<br/>
    much to assist him in his efforts to 'establish' the game of<br/>
    rugby in Malta. In October, 1977, in an effort to interest the<br/>
    Government Secondary Schools, David Schembri talked to the<br/>
    Official in Charge of the Secondary Schools Federation who had<br/>
    indicated a willingness to let rugby be tried out providing<br/>
    Overseas produced 6 months coaching programme in advance,<br/>
    and undertook to provide coaching. In turn the Overseas President<br/>
    wrote to the Federation offering coaching assistance. To end the<br/>
    season, the Minister of Sport intends to promote a Youth Tournament<br/>
    for under 16s in May, 1978.<br/><br/>

    Recently I spoke with Father Ferro of St. Edward's College.<br/>
    Besides telling me about the 3 rugby teams at the College, i.e.<br/>
    under 13s, under 16s and 16+, he also told me something about<br/>
    rugby in Malta in the past. It was most interesting. Father<br/>
    Ferro told me he was in the R.M.A. for 30 years, and in 1923<br/>
    he started playing rugby in Malta for a Service team called<br/>
    the 'Pirates'. He played for the Pirates for 11 years until<br/>
    forced to stop by ill health.<br/><br/>

    The highlight of the 1977/78 season in Malta was the visit<br/>
    of the touring side from U.K., Moseley R.F.C., between the 23rd-<br/>
    29th March, 1978. Arrangements had been made for them to play<br/>
    4 games over the Easter period. The touring party of 39 members,<br/>
    led by Tour Manager, Andy Petrie, and Moseley Club Secretary,<br/>
    John Butt, included 32 players from their 3rd, 4th and 5th teams,<br/>
    with a sprinkling of ex 1st team players. They made their own<br/>
    arrangements for the tour and stopped at St. Paul's Court,<br/>
    Bugibba, St. Paul's Bay. Moseley had previously toured Malta<br/>
    in twice, 1975, and on the present tour they certainly found a<br/>
    difference in the strength of the local teams, all weakened by<br/>
    the loss of players. The tourists, proving far too good for<br/>
    the opposition, won all 4 games. They played impressive rugby<br/>
    and their handling and passing of the ball in the high winds<br/>
    was excellent, as indeed was their backing up in all phases of<br/>
    the game and speed to take advantage of opponents mistakes. I<br/>
    was fortunate to be present at all 4 games and I was most<br/>
    impressed with the spirit of the Overseas and Malta XVs,<br/>
    individual talent, and the fact that, at a time when they were<br/>
    needed most, there were 6 or 7 Maltese players on the field.<br/>
    The Malta XV was formed from Overseas and the Services. For<br/>
    Overseas and the Malta XV the players who stood out were the<br/>
    talented and speedy back, S. Thomas, David Schembri in the<br/>
    forwards, and great credit to the Captain, James Andrews, who<br/>
    played at scrum half, a very unfamiliar position for him. For<br/>
    Moseley, the star was their scrum half, Brian Powell. Overseas<br/>
    entertained Moseley at the Malta Sports Club immediately after<br/>
    the game on Saturday, 25th, followed by liquid refreshment in<br/>
    Overseas Club House. Here David Schembri proved to be an entertainer<br/>
    after the style of Charlie Rice, and Overseas proved they<br/>
    could win, even it was only the gents and ladies boat races.<br/>
    After the two Service games at Safi the tourists were entertained<br/>
    in the R.A.F. Club at Safi.
  </p>
</body>
</html>

