<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN" 
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
    <title>Social Events 1970/71</title>
    <style>
        body {
            font-family: "Courier New", monospace;
            margin: 2em;
        }
        h1, h2 {
            text-align: center;
        }
        .section {
            margin-top: 1em;
        }
        .text-block {
            margin-left: 2em;
            margin-right: 2em;
            text-align: justify;
        }
    </style>
</head>
<body>
    <h1>PLAYING RECORD FOR 1970/71</h1>
    <p class="section">
        P22 - W15 - L6 - D1 <span style="float: right;">Points for 334 &nbsp;&nbsp; Against 196</span>
    </p>
    <h2>SOCIAL EVENTS 1970/71</h2>
    <div class="text-block">
        <p>Once again the films provided by Jack Sharp proved to be the mainstay of the Club's Social life during the season. Film evening took place at the Club House once or twice a month. Two Cheese and Wine Parties were held. The first on Wednesday, 18th November, 1970, held mainly for the RAF and HMS Ark Royal. The attendance was very poor, only 10 full members being present. The second on Thursday, 8th April, 1971, held for John Evans Touring Party, was a success. A Hot Pot was provided for the Army (Cyprus) Touring side.</p>

        <p>In November, 1970, the Inter Service R.U., Malta, asked the Overseas Committee to make a grant to the Inter Services (Malta) to help cover the cost of entertainment of visiting teams etc.. Their point of view was that Overseas Rugby Club had the benefits of a Service maintained ground and Club House, also that with the rundown of the Services there was very little money available for allocation to rugby from Service non-public funds in Malta. The Army, for example, had only £200 to cover all sports for a full year. At a meeting held in January, 1971, Overseas Committee agreed that, of the expenses incurred by the Malta XV's which could not be met by any other means, one third would be paid by the Overseas Club, the Club's contribution for entertainment of any one team team not to exceed four pounds.</p>

        <p>The Annual Dinner Dance was held at the United Services Sports Club on the 23rd April, 1971. In spite of the fact that the total Membership was stated in Committee on the 18th February, 1971, as being as low as 44, the dance was attended by 147 paying guests, and proclaimed to be a tremendous success. The dance was organised by Mr. R. Walker and Committee, and for the second year in succession, Trevor Ricketts acted as Master of Ceremonies.</p>
    </div>
</body>
</html>

