<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
    "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
    <title>Annual General Meeting</title>
    <style type="text/css">
        body { font-family: monospace; }
        .center { text-align: center; }
    </style>
</head>
<body>
    <div class="center">
        <h2>ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING</h2>
    </div>
    <p>
        Annual General Meeting held on the 20th October, 1958, at the Queen's Hall, Old College Street, Sliema.
        Notice of this meeting was given in the 'Times of Malta' on the 15th October, also it was broadcast on 'A' programme of rediffusion in "What's On".
    </p>
    <div class="center">
        <h3>TIMES OF MALTA, WEDNESDAY OCTOBER 15, 1958</h3>
        <h4>OVERSEAS RUGBY UNION</h4>
        <p>FOOTBALL CLUB</p>
    </div>
    <p>
        N.C. Morgan, Hon. Secretary, Overseas Rugby Football Club, notifies:
    </p>
    <p>
        The Overseas Rugby Union Football Club will be holding its Annual General Meeting at the Queen's Hall, Old College Street, Sliema, at 7 p.m. on Monday, October, 20.
    </p>
    <p>
        All past, present and prospective members are cordially invited, together with anyone interested in club rugby.
    </p>
    <p>
        Membership is open to U.K. based civilian and Service personnel.
    </p>
    <p>
        At this A.G.M., the President, Major G.C.D. Scott Lowe, explained that the main reason for the A.G.M. was to put facts before Members and to call for volunteers for all offices. The following Officials, including the 'Resident' Committee, were elected:-
    </p>
    <ul>
        <li>President Major G.C.D. Scott Lowe, T.D.</li>
        <li>Hon. Secretary Mr. N.C. Morgan</li>
        <li>Hon. Treasurer Mr. H.W. Polkinghorne</li>
        <li>Hon. Social Secretary Mr. J.E.M. George</li>
        <li>Team Captain and Hon. Fixture Secretary Mr N.J. Swain</li>
        <li>Team Trainer Mr. E.H. Stacey (Ex Wasps player)</li>
        <li>Social Committee
            <ul>
                <li>Mr. J.E.M. George (Secretary)</li>
                <li>Mrs M. Rushworth</li>
                <li>Mr. V.A. Palmer</li>
                <li>Mrs. M. Polkinghorne</li>
            </ul>
        </li>
    </ul>
    <p>
        A proposed set of club Rules had been attached to the Agenda of the A.G.M. for members to peruse. These rules were adopted without alteration and have acted as the Club Constitution over the years, only being altered, as expedient, by the required two-thirds majority at an A.G.M.
    </p>
    <div class="center">
        <h4>FIRST RULES FOR OVERSEAS CLUB</h4>
    </div>
    <ol>
        <li>That the name of the Club be: - "THE OVERSEAS RUGBY UNION FOOTBALL CLUB, MALTA".</li>
        <li>
            That the object of the Club is to help foster the true "Rugger" spirit on the island by providing facilities for:
            <ol type="a">
                <li>All Service and Civilian rugger players who are unable to play for any other rugger team, i.e. members of units unable to field a side.</li>
                <li>All Service and Civilian rugger players who,</li>
            </ol>
        </li>
    </ol>
</body>
</html>

