<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN" 
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
    <title>Scanned Page</title>
    <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="application/xhtml+xml; charset=UTF-8"/>
    <style type="text/css">
        body { font-family: serif; }
        .indent { text-indent: 2em; }
        .center { text-align: center; }
        .results { margin-left: 2em; }
    </style>
</head>
<body>
    <p class="indent">'One of the most memorable moments of the tour 
    was undoubtedly our first glimpse of the 'pitch', 
    as it came into view between the cranes and piles 
    of rusting scrap metal which littered the Messina 
    dockside. No-one could believe it! It was hope- 
    fully stated that that must be their practice 
    ground, until the coach pulled up outside dressing 
    rooms which made the Marsa seem palatial and far- 
    distant. We have been warned that the pitch was not 
    in very good condition owing to the heavy rain, but 
    the mud bath we had expected turned out to be a 
    stretch of gravel half covered by large areas of 
    standing water. Grey skies and persistent rain 
    did not help to improve the picture. In fairness 
    it should be stated, however, that Messina does 
    have an adequate stadium, which unfortunately, and 
    to our hosts' dismay, was unplayable because of the 
    bad weather.'</p>

    <p class="indent">We were beaten, just, in both games played. We had the 
    obvious handicaps, such as the inability of some of the regular 
    Overseas 1st team players to tour, the pitch, and perhaps, 
    above all, the difference in interpretation of the rules by 
    the Sicilians and ourselves. On the other hand we were up 
    against a good team, continental style, with their forwards 
    as ready to run with the ball as their threequarters. 
    Throughout the first game it rained incessantly with an icy 
    wind blowing straight down from the mountains. For the second 
    game the weather was a little kinder, but still wet and windy 
    with water lying over large areas of the gravel pitch. All 
    Overseas team played well, with P. Parker; P. Miller; J. 
    Handford; T. Ricketts and C. Rice being mentioned in the 
    Captain's dispatches. Peter Parker received well earned 
    praise in the local Messina press.</p>

    <p class="indent">During both games, the Sicilian players arrived on and 
    left the pitch with such startling rapidity that it seemed 
    scarcely possible that they had only two substitutes. It 
    is customary in Italy to allow two substitutes. On one 
    occasion, during the first game whilst a line out was taking 
    place, there were 19 Sicilians on the field, including the 
    Referee and Trainer. Overseas players were tickled pink, 
    they could scarcely believe it. Two games full of excitement.</p>

    <p class="center"><b>Wednesday, 3rd January, 1968</b></p>
    <p class="results">CUS, Messina 13 (2 goals, 1 penalty) <br/>
    Overseas R.U.F.C. 6 (tries: P. Parker, T. Nicholson)</p>

    <p class="center"><b>Friday, 5th January, 1968</b></p>
    <p class="results">CUS, Messina 9 (1 try, 2 penalties) <br/>
    Overseas R.U.F.C. 8 (tries: R. Squires, I. Dewar, <br/>
    1 conversion by B. Jackson)</p>

    <p class="indent">In the first game Brian Jackson badly grazed his rear 
    quarters by sliding on the treacherous surface, very painful 
    and very embarrassing. In spite of being in considerable 
    pain Brian played in the second game, much to the relief 
    of the team and selectors. Even with Brian we had only 17 
    players. The second game was marred by unfortunate injuries 
    to Reg Squires, broken collar bone, and Mike Perkins, broken 
    ankle. Though uncomfortable, they both made the journey back 
    </p>
</body>
</html>

