<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8' ?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
    <title>Cricket Section 1976</title>
    <style type="text/css">
        body { font-family: "Courier New", Courier, monospace; }
        h1 { text-align: center; }
        h2 { text-align: left; }
        table { width: 100%; }
        td { padding: 5px; vertical-align: top; }
    </style>
</head>
<body>
    <h1>CRICKET SECTION 1976</h1>
    <p>
        The Annual General Meeting was initially held at the Club House on the 19th February, 1976, but due to an error in procedure it was declared null and void. The meeting was reconvened on the 25th March, 1976.
    </p>
    <p>The following Officials were elected:-</p>
    <table>
        <tr>
            <td>Chairman</td>
            <td>M. Caseley</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>Hon. Secretary</td>
            <td>G. Davey</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>Hon. Treasurer</td>
            <td>P. Marchant</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>Hon. Social Secretary</td>
            <td>J. Hughes</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>Team Captain</td>
            <td>M. Newton</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>Vice-Captain</td>
            <td>D. Walker</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>'B' Team Captain</td>
            <td>J. Robinson</td>
        </tr>
    </table>
    <p>
        The season opened on the 24th April with the 6 a-side Competition. Overseas entered 4 teams including a team of boys from Tal Handaq as Overseas 'C'. Our strongest team, Overseas '1', succeeded in reaching the semi final when we were beaten by 41 Cdo, the eventual winners.
    </p>
    <p>
        The final of the Government Tourist Board Trophy for 1975, between the Malta Sports Club and 41 Commando, which had, through force of circumstances, to be left over until May, 1976, was won by the Malta Sports Club.
    </p>
    <p>
        The Single Wicket and the Double Wicket Competitions were held on the 3/4 July and the 14/15 July respectively. The Double Wicket was won by Ray Berrington and his son. The B.F.B.S. Trophy was held on the 27th June.
    </p>
    <p>
        Overseas 2nd XI, under the Captaincy of Jim Robinson, played 3 matches, winning against the Malta Sports Club and Tal Handaq, and losing to the Navy.
    </p>
    <p>
        The Malta Cricket League started on the 8th May and ended on the 17th July. Fixtures and results were as follows:-
    </p>
    <table>
        <tr>
            <td>Sat</td>
            <td>8th May</td>
            <td>vs Royal Navy</td>
            <td>Won</td>
            <td>Overseas 199-4, R.N. 49, Davey 89</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>Sat</td>
            <td>15th May</td>
            <td>vs Malta S.C.</td>
            <td>Lost</td>
            <td>Overseas 99, MSC 100-6</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>Sat</td>
            <td>22nd May</td>
            <td>vs 41 Cdo</td>
            <td>Lost</td>
            <td>41 Cdo 197-6, Overseas 122-9</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>Sat</td>
            <td>5th June</td>
            <td>vs Malta S.C.</td>
            <td>Lost</td>
            <td>MSC 132-9, Overseas 125-9</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>Sat</td>
            <td>12th June</td>
            <td>vs RAF Puffins</td>
            <td>Won</td>
            <td>Overseas 163-8, Puffins 158-5</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>Tue</td>
            <td>15th June</td>
            <td>vs Army</td>
            <td>Won</td>
            <td>Overseas 133-5, Army 81 Ricketts 5-25</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>Wed</td>
            <td>23rd June</td>
            <td>vs RAF Puffins</td>
            <td>Lost</td>
            <td>Overseas 134, Puffins 137-4</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>Wed</td>
            <td>30th June</td>
            <td>vs RAF Penguins</td>
            <td>Lost</td>
            <td>Penguins 161-9, Overseas 128-8, Shaw 62</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>Fri</td>
            <td>9th July</td>
            <td>vs Royal Navy</td>
            <td>Won</td>
            <td>R.N. 109, Overseas 112-2</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>Sat</td>
            <td>10th July</td>
            <td>vs 41 Cdo</td>
            <td>Won</td>
            <td>Overseas 183-6, 41Cdo 138-7 Dobell 119</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>Tue</td>
            <td>13th July</td>
            <td>vs RAF Penguins</td>
            <td>Lost</td>
            <td>Overseas 160-9, Penguins 161-9</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>Sat</td>
            <td>17th July</td>
            <td>vs Army</td>
            <td>Won</td>
            <td>Overseas 178-9, Army 148 Shaw 73, Taylor 5-16</td>
        </tr>
    </table>
    <h2>Overseas League Record for 1976</h2>
    <p>P12 - W6 - L6 &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Points 134</p>
    <p>League won by M.S.C., Overseas 4th.</p>
</body>
</html>

