<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN" 
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <head>
    <title>Page 42</title>
    <style type="text/css">
      body { font-family: monospace; white-space: pre-wrap; }
    </style>
  </head>
  <body>
    <p>8  Annual General Meeting to be held in October, and<br/>
an Extra-ordinary Meeting to be held in April for submission<br/>
of Playing Season Bar Account.
    </p>
    <p>9  Members to be given fourteen days notice of General<br/>
Meetings. Items for inclusion on the Agenda to reach Hon.<br/>
Secretary not less than seven days prior to the Meeting.<br/>
Extra-ordinary General Meetings may be called by ten or<br/>
more members or by a majority vote of the General Committee.
    </p>
    <p>10  That the sanction of two thirds of the number of<br/>
Members present and voting at the Annual or Extra-Ordinary<br/>
General Meeting is required for the passing of any resolution<br/>
to alter the rules. Any other resolution shall be passed by<br/>
a simple majority.
    </p>
    <h2>11 Membership</h2>
    <ul>
      <li>(a) FULL Member &emsp; Annual Subscription 10/-<br/>
      &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Match Fee 2/-
      </li>
      <li>(b) SOCIAL Member &emsp; Annual Subscription 5/-
      </li>
      <li>(c) STUDENT Member &emsp; Annual Subscription 2/6<br/>
      </li>
      <li>(d) TEMPORARY Member &emsp; Match Fee 1/-<br/>
      &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 2/- per match
      </li>
    </ul>
    <p>a, b, c, have full privileges.
    </p>
    <p>12  That these rules be placed on the Club Notice Board,<br/>
and a copy forwarded to each member.
    </p>
    <h2>PLAYING SEASON</h2>
    <p>The Team Captain, Mr. R. McGillivray, in his short report<br/>
on the playing season of 1961/62 made no reference to the<br/>
playing activities but expressed his view that in fielding<br/>
a XV according to the fixture list the Overseas more than<br/>
fulfilled their main object, i.e. to encourage the playing of<br/>
Rugby Football in Malta.
    </p>
    <p>The President, Mr. G.H.L. Lord, in his address, gave a<br/>
brief outline of the many and varied highlights of the season<br/>
saying it had been the best in recent years on and off the<br/>
field. The best attended match from the point of spectators,<br/>
according to the President, was undoubtedly the game against<br/>
the French cruiser 'De Grasse', the French Mediterranean Fleet<br/>
champions, on the 26th November, 1961. Overseas fielded an<br/>
invitation XV for this game and did well to draw 3 points<br/>
each with their opponents. Overseas also fielded a Club side<br/>
on the same day against H.M.S. Tiger and lost 0-6.
    </p>
    <p>A point to note is that during this season we received an<br/>
invitation from the Secretary Army Rugby Union Malta, Major K.<br/>
Perkins, MBE, DFC, RA, to enter a team in the Inter Service<br/>
Seven-a-side Competition held at the Marsa on the 11th February,<br/>
1962. In fact we entered two teams although there is no record<br/>
of the result.
    </p>
    <h2>FINAL RECORD FOR 1961/62</h2>
    <p>P 19 - W8 - L 10 - D1 &emsp; Points for 143 Against 209
    </p>
  </body>
</html>

