<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
    <title>Scanned Page</title>
</head>
<body>
    <p>The Overseas Committee spared no effort in not only making 1978/79 a successful season, but also in looking to the future by attempting to build up an Overseas team which would of necessity have to comprise mostly Maltese players. Also, everything possible was done in the effort to keep up interest in the schools, colleges and the Maltese Services, with the Overseas Team Captain acting as Liaison Officer in this field.</p>

    <p>On the 1st October Overseas placed an advert in the Sunday Times (of Malta) which said 'RUGBY; ANYBODY WISHING TO PLAY OR WHO IS INTERESTED TO LEARN PLEASE CONTACT T. AGIUS FERRANTE'. Over 30 local men turned up, and the hope was to maintain this interest, although training players from scratch proved a slow job. A number of these recruits were from the Polytechnic. On the 10th January, 1979, it was reported that Overseas, St. Edwards, Army Elements, Salerno and some RAF players enabled a game to be played at Marsa most Saturdays. On the same date it was reported that 'recently 12 Maltese played for Overseas'. Throughout the season, admittedly with the help of Service players, and the B Team being boosted by a few 1st Team players, Overseas was able to field two teams.</p>

    <p>Every effort was made by Overseas to promote interest in the University, the Colleges of St. Edwards, De la Salle and St. Aloysius, and the Polytechnic. An approach was made to any school which showed interest, together with an offer of coaching. The Colleges and schools were represented on Overseas Committee. Unfortunately, the only college to successfully and continuously field a team was St. Edwards under the guidance of Father Ferro. Throughout the 1978/79 season, in spite of interest shown, De la Salle and St. Aloysius did not field a team. St. Edwards gave reason to believe that interest would continue to be shown in rugby in Malta, and they were rewarded by a number of victories over Overseas 'B' Team. The schoolboys team called the Minestrones, comprised of schoolboys being educated abroad, once again proved an attraction and a hope for the future. The Minestrones played over the Christmas and Easter holidays. A number of schoolboys were keen to play for Overseas and were given every encouragement.</p>

    <p>The Armed Forces of Malta played no active part in the 1978/79 season, although in May, 1979, Marcel Cassar, Army Rugby Representative, reported that he had been trying for some time to organise a Services (Malta) rugby team. Marcel was asked by Overseas to represent the Armed Forces on Overseas Committee but he was unable to accept.</p>

    <p>Two competent referees, Paul Miller (Head of referees in Malta) and Bob Eaton, both in the R.A.F., officiated Overseas' games until they left Malta early January, 1979. Both were willing to give coaching and lectures in schools and to those amongst the Maltese who were interested, also to run a referees course. Derek Holt from the Royal Marines offered his services in assistant coaching. When Bob Eaton left in January, Overseas Team Captain, David Schembri, stressed the need for referees. As the Service referees left Malta, the schools representative from St. Edwards, Dave Howells, offered to referee at least school matches. Fortunately, for the 1979/80 season, two competent referees joined Overseas, namely Dave Gribbon (May, 1979) and Jim Young (January, 1980). Jim Young was also a qualified coach. For the 1979/80 season the Armed Forces of Malta also provided a referee.</p>

    <p>Back to the 1978/79 season. Permission having been given to Overseas by the Maltese authorities to use the pitch at Marsa on Thursdays for training, and Saturdays and Sundays for games, training started in September. No indoor training took place throughout the season although the Club approached both the Ministry of Sport and the Ministry of Education for use of one of the ex-British Service gymnasiums. The first game of the season, in spite of the ground being rock hard, was played on the 14th October against H.M.S. Britannia. After this game, during the social gathering of the teams in the Overseas Club House, the Cup for the 'Most Improved Player for 1977/78' was presented to V. Ellul-Bonnici. Though it meant a great deal of work for Overseas Committee, no outstanding</p>
</body>
</html>

