<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN" 
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <head>
    <title>EPUB Content</title>
    <style type="text/css">
      body { font-family: sans-serif; }
      p { margin: 0 0 1em; }
      ol { margin: 0 0 1em; padding-left: 1.2em; }
      .page-number { text-align: right; font-weight: bold; }
    </style>
  </head>
  <body>
    <div class="page-number">16</div>
    <p>once again, Cyril Fox stepped into the breach and acted as Caretaker Chairman.</p>

    <p>At a Committee Meeting held on the 13th May, 1980, Cyril Fox read out a prepared statement on the Winding-up of Overseas. This statement, termed "Overseas Rugby and Sports Club - Report on Winding-up, April, 1980", gave a comprehensive outline of the Club's history, the difficulties faced, and the reasons why the Club was being wound-up. Even at this meeting the diehards, including Dave Schembri and Charles Borda, momentarily gained a breathing space when the Caretaker Chairman said that it might not be out of place to recommend the deferment of the decision taken on April 14th to close the Club down. A new spark had renewed interest outside the Club after Sevens had been held on the 19th April. However, Mr. D. Alexander, Vice-President, more knowledgeable than most on rugby matters, described the end of season Sevens as a mere flash-in-the-pan. It was decided to hold a further meeting on the 23rd June to give Messrs. J. Young, D. Schembri and C. Borda time to assess the possibilities of rugby in Malta.</p>

    <p>On the 23rd June, 1980, a final discussion took place to finish the business of the Club in preparation for the Annual General Meeting. J. Young, D. Schembri and C. Borda reported that following their contacts with interested bodies there existed the possibility that various teams could be formed, including one from Calypso, but there was nothing concrete. The Chairman then reminded the Committee that the decision to close down Overseas had been taken.</p>

    <p>At a Committee Meeting on the 22nd September, 1980, it was accepted that, as the decision to close down Overseas had been taken, irrespective of whether rugby would still be played in Malta, it was the present Committee's duty to call an A.G.M.</p>

    <p>Important decisions made:-</p>
    <ol>
      <li>The A.G.M. to be held on Friday, October, 24th, 1980, at 7 p.m. at the Metropole Theatre, kindly made available by the Calypso Club.</li>
      <li>The present Committee would seek nomination and re-election as Caretaker Committee at the A.G.M.</li>
      <li>To freeze all funds (£140) and deposit them into a suspense account under the control of three trustees viz., C. Fox, J. Sharp and G. Attard.</li>
      <li>The Committee agreed to present the Club's regalia (plaques and banners) to St. Edwards College for as long as the college continues to function.</li>
      <li>The 7-a-side Trophy is to be formally presented to St. Edwards as the winners of last season's competition.</li>
    </ol>
    
    <p>At a Committee Meeting held on the 13th October, 1980, it was decided to distribute the remaining Club possessions as follows:-</p>
    <ol>
      <li>Rugby balls to be kept by D. Schembri.</li>
      <li>First Aid kit to Calypso Club.</li>
      <li>Training films to the British High Commission.</li>
      <li>Remaining Club Histories to J. Young, G. Attard and Farsons Ltd.</li>
      <li>Remaining Club Ties to the three Vice-Presidents, namely, C. Fox, J. Sharp and D. Alexander.</li>
      <li>Club Records to be retained by G. Attard, Secretary.</li>
    </ol>

    <p>It is of vital importance to have item No. 6 recorded.</p>
  </body>
</html>

