<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN" 
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <head>
    <title>Soccer Section 1973/74</title>
    <style type="text/css">
      body { font-family: serif; }
      h1 { text-align: center; font-size: 1.5em; }
      p { text-align: justify; }
      .officials { margin-left: 20px; }
      .list-item { margin-left: 40px; }
    </style>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1>SOCCER SECTION 1973/74</h1>
    
    <p>
      Soccer became a section of the Overseas Rugby and Sports Club on the 18th October, 1973. Mr. T. Ricketts, the Soccer Club's Chairman from 1968 spoke in support of their application.
    </p>

    <p>Officials of the Soccer Section for 1973/74:</p>
    <div class="officials">
      <p>Chairman<br />
      Mr. T.N. Ricketts</p>

      <p>Hon. Secretary<br />
      Mr. P. Wright</p>

      <p>Hon. Treasurer<br />
      Mr. W. Panter</p>

      <p>Hon. Social Secretary<br />
      Mr. J. Bonner</p>

      <p>Team Captain<br />
      Mr. D. Locke</p>

      <p>Team Vice-Captain<br />
      Mr. P. Dobson</p>
    </div>

    <p>
      For the history of the Soccer Section, and for details of the 1973/74 season, I am indebted to Mr. T. Ricketts. Also to Mr. D.W. Pennick, Joint Services Public Relations Officer, Malta, for allowing me to look through back copies of the Dolphin & Eagle.
    </p>

    <p>
      At the time of applying for membership of Overseas, the Soccer Section was already a thriving Club, in fact, they started the 1973/74 season with the nucleus of the very successful side of 1972/73. The Club was formed in 1968, although a 'Team' had been entered in the league prior to this. At the time of amalgamation the Section had teams playing in the Joint Services Football Association Major and Minor Leagues. When first entered in the Major League, the side had a combination of Civilian and Army (Service) elements and they played under the name of Corinthians. After a year the Civilian element became predominant and took over. The side entered in the Minor League was purely Civilian and played under the name of U.K. Civilians. The Soccer Section's home ground, prior to the withdrawal, had been at the Marsa, the pitch in front of Marsa Lodge now used by Maltese Industrial Firm's Teams. After the withdrawal Corradino became the home ground, by kind permission of the Navy Authorities. The Soccer Section play in red jerseys. 
    </p>

    <p>
      On becoming a Section of Overseas the intention was, if possible, to play under the name of 'Overseas', although naturally, season plans were too far advanced at the time of amalgamation, to make any changes for 1973/74. For the 1974/75 season, the team, when playing in the Minor League, changed the name from U.K. Civilians to Overseas. Unfortunately, when playing in the Major League, because of the original entry terms, part Civilian and part Service, and Overseas Rugby and Sports Club being purely a Civilian Club, the name had to stay as Corinthians.
    </p>

    <p>
      Football leagues and cups, as organized by the Joint Services Football Association (Malta), and in which the Overseas Soccer Section had an interest in the 1973/74 season (and still do), were as follows:
    </p>

    <ul>
      <li class="list-item">Major League</li>
      <li class="list-item">Minor League. For the 1973/74 season the Minor League was split into two with promotion and relegation at the end of the season, four up and four down. The two teams at the top of each division to play each other to decide overall winners of the Minor Unit League. Overseas, playing as U.K. Civilians, were placed in Division II, even though they had won the Minor League the year before.</li>
    </ul>
  </body>
</html>

