<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN" 
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <head>
    <title>Foreword by the President</title>
    <style type="text/css">
      body { font-family: "Courier New", monospace; white-space: pre-wrap; }
      h1 { text-align: center; }
      p { margin-bottom: 1em; }
      .signature { text-align: center; margin-top: 2em; }
    </style>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1>FORWARD BY THE PRESIDENT</h1>
    <p>
      It is my pleasure in this, my second year as President
      of the Overseas Rugby and Sports Club, to write a few words
      at the beginning of what I think will prove an extremely
      interesting and factual account of the life of a Club of
      which we are all very fond. Many of you who have been as
      fortunate as I in enjoying the fellowship and companionship
      which have always been the mark of the Overseas tradition,
      will realise how sad I feel that Overseas is now drawing
      to a close. Over the years, I have made many friends and
      acquaintances through the rugby, soccer, hockey and cricket
      sections, as well as amongst the many social members who
      have played a distinct role in supporting our club.
    </p>
    <p>
      Not least of these is my good friend, Norman Morgan.
      Norman was a member of the Club first of all in 1948 when
      he completed his first tour here in Malta. He was a rugby-playing
      member until 1950. He then left the island, only
      to return in 1956, when he became an even more active member
      of a Club which became his first love. In 1958, during
      what was to be a reformation of the Club, he undertook no
      less than three tasks, those of Honorary Secretary, Team
      Secretary and Membership Secretary. On leaving the island
      in 1959, he thought his association with Overseas might be
      at a close, but this was not to be for in 1965 he returned
      and immediately became a member of the Bar Management
      Committee. In 1966, he was made assistant Secretary and the
      following year, became the Club's extremely active Honorary
      Secretary. It was during this year that he completely
      organized a magnificent rugby tour to Sicily. This will
      long be remembered by those who participated.
    </p>
    <p>
      On 11th September, 1969, Norman Morgan was awarded
      what was for him the ultimate honour by the Club - that of
      Honorary Life Member. Norman again left the island, and,
      following the withdrawal of the British Services from Malta
      in January, 1972, thought that this was the end of the
      Overseas. However, on his return to the island for yet
      another tour in 1973, he was pleased to see the Club
      functioning as strongly as ever. He again took up the
      gavel and became Secretary of Rugby and Cricket Sections,
      as well as becoming a Vice President and Membership
      Secretary.
    </p>
    <p>
      It was during this time that he decided to write this
      History of the Club and after 5 years of heartache, toil,
      thousands of letters and phone calls, this wonderful document
      is the end result. It is a fitting tribute to Norman himself
      who, along with his and our dear friend, Jack Sharp, must
      together share the title of 'Mr. Overseas'. Our heartfelt
      thanks, Norman, for your hard work and efforts on our behalf.
    </p>
    <p class="signature">
      T. N. RICKETTS.
    </p>
  </body>
</html>

