<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
    <title>Club House and Social Activities</title>
    <style type="text/css">
        body {
            font-family: "Times New Roman", serif;
            padding: 20px;
        }
        h1 {
            text-align: center;
            margin-top: 0;
            text-transform: uppercase;
            font-size: 1.2em;
        }
        p {
            text-align: justify;
            text-indent: 2em;
            margin-bottom: 1em;
        }
    </style>
</head>
<body>
    <h1>Club House and Social Activities</h1>
    <p>The year 1978/79 proved to be the last full rugby playing season before the
    closure, and consequently to be the last year with a fairly full social calendar.
    The initial decision to close the Club was taken in April, 1980, and the Club
    House was given up in June, 1980. During May, 1980, the last social event
    organised at Committee level was held and so I will write of the Club's social
    life up to this point.</p>

    <p>To the end, the Annual Dinner Dance was the important social event of the
    year, and the last three, all at different venues, followed the normal successful
    pattern bringing all rugby minded people on the Island together socially. The
    1978 Annual Dinner Dance, venue Old Villa Rosa (85 attended), 20th May, organized
    by Michael Newton, was not quite the last social function to be held before the
    retiring Committee Members and UK Based Teachers left Malta. The cricket
    "Farewell to Overseas" dance was held at the Marsa Sports Club on the 8th July,
    1978, and the occasion was used to say farewell to all Overseas leavers. For the
    1979 Annual Dinner Dance a very enjoyable evening was organized by Charles and
    Doris Borda, venue St. Thomas Tower, Marsascala, 17th March. The occasion was
    used to present a plaque to referee Paul Miller in appreciation of his services
    to the Club. Finally, the last Annual Dinner Dance to be held, again organized
    by Charles and Doris Borda, venue Capua Court Hotel (51 attended), 2nd May, 1980,
    was the last social event to be organized at Committee level.</p>

    <p>The three other social occasions in 1978/79 were the functions held to say
    farewell to Ewen &amp; Margaret MacPherson and James &amp; Liz Andrews, and the Christmas
    'Island Rugby Fancy Dress' dance held at St. George's Social Centre,
    29th December, 1978. The latter was run as an Overseas event with profits going
    to both Overseas and Calypso Clubs. The farewell to Ewen &amp; Margaret was in the
    form of a dinner at the Astoria Hotel, on Saturday, 14th October, 1978, given by
    both Overseas and the Calypso Clubs. A farewell film and a farewell dinner were
    given in honour of James and Liz Andrews in May, 1979. The film show was given
    by Jack Sharp at the offices of KRS in Valletta, and the dinner was at the
    Astoria Hotel. As a token of appreciation the Committee presented James with
    a Maltese Silver Dghaisa and Liz with a Mdina Glass Tray. Guests of honour at
    the Dinner were Dave Gribbon, successor to James at Andrews Feeds, and
    Mr. &amp; Mrs. Charles Pace. At this time, although leaving Malta at the end of May,
    James was still President of the Club.</p>
    
    <p>Every effort was made to make use of the Club House during both the winter
    rugby season and during the summer when the Calypso Club was more active. The
    Bar was run efficiently by Charles and Doris Borda, helped at times by a roster
    of volunteers. Up to Christmas 1978, Charles reported a successful and active
    season, both with the Rugby Section and with Calypso Sub-aqua Club Members. From
    then on use of the bar declined, except for film nights, which were well
    attended and most successful, and latterly with the BSAC lecture nights. For
    1979/80 Charles reported that barwise it was not a good year and the bulk of
    sales was thanks to Calypso members. Early in the 1978/79 season two games
    nights were held in the Club House. The first, organized by the Social Secretary,
    Dave Schembri, with the RAF, was poorly attended by 'Sea members. The second,
    organized by the Calypso Club, was a success.</p>
    
    <p>Thanks to Jack Sharp and Charles Pace, films were provided by the M.U.f.c.,
    later known as K.R.S., when the Maltese Government banned the commercial use of
    the word 'Malta, for film nights held weekly at the Club House during the winter
    months of 1978/79 and 1979/80. The same 'team' were instrumental in getting
    a pay box telephone installed in the Club. Later, after this type of phone
    proved too expensive for its limited use, an ordinary private telephone was
    installed in its stead. Costs for the latter type of phone were met by Andrews
    Feeds, in return Andrews were allowed to use it should the need arise. During
    1978/79 structural alterations were carried out inside the Club House, both to
    provide more space and for better projection of films, with costs being met by
    £ funds raised from the social events.</p>
</body>
</html>

