<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
    <title>Hockey Section 1974/75</title>
    <style>
        body {
            font-family: "Times New Roman", Times, serif;
            margin: 2em;
            line-height: 1.5;
        }
        h1 {
            text-align: center;
            font-weight: bold;
        }
        .role {
            margin-left: 3em;
            margin-bottom: 1em;
        }
        .role dt {
            float: left;
            clear: left;
        }
        .role dd {
            margin: 0;
            padding-left: 8em;
        }
        p {
            text-align: justify;
            margin-bottom: 1em;
        }
    </style>
</head>
<body>
    <h1>HOCKEY SECTION 1974/75</h1>
    <dl class="role">
        <dt>Chairman</dt>
        <dd>Mr. D. Taylor</dd>
        <dt>Hon. Secretary</dt>
        <dd>Mr. D. Ditcham</dd>
        <dt>Captain</dt>
        <dd>Mr. D. Ditcham</dd>
    </dl>
    <p>
        The forced withdrawal of 41 Commando from sporting activities in Malta at the start of the season affected the Hockey Section considerably, perhaps even more than the other Sections. Even without this problem it was difficult to build up a complete fixture list. The Joint Services Hockey League was a scrappy affair. Initially the commando withdrawal left only 5 teams to contest the title, although from the final league table published in the Dolphin & Eagle it would appear that the Commandos did complete the fixture list with a weakened team. For Overseas the league programme proved hard going with many players committed in other sports. In summing up Overseas play and difficulties in the League, Dave Taylor, Section Chairman, said, to quote "As usual the Overseas fielded a changed XI for each fixture, those who turned out were those who happened to be available at short notice. On occasions some good Hockey was played, but generally we lacked the smooth teamwork of the Services' sides. Nevertheless, we enjoyed our games. In the final league table we were placed 4/6, having won 1, lost 3 and taken 1 W.O."
    </p>
    <p>
        In the Joint Services 6 a-side Competition held on Sunday, 9th March, 1975, Overseas gave a creditable performance. We were beaten 1 goal to nil in the quarter finals by 234 Signal Squadron, the eventual winners. Dave Ditcham, Hockey Section Secretary, describes our performance in this competition as our best during the 2 seasons 1973/74 and 1974/75. Fourteen teams entered and these were split into two leagues of seven teams, the top three teams in each league going into a Knock-out competition. It was a long competition, and those who played in the final played a total of 2 hours 8 minutes actual play. The Cup was presented by Rear-Admiral David Loram.
    </p>
    <p>
        As with all Sections of Overseas, the Hockey Section had to take stock of players who had returned to U.K. during or since the previous season. For the 1974/75 season we had lost our Captain, Rob Ward, and Mike Lewis, but gained other players in Dave Walker, Dave Longlands and Martin Crosfield. Barrie Jones and Mike Newton also put in appearances.
    </p>
    <p>
        At the beginning of the season Overseas applied to join the Malta Hockey League. This was turned down because of the rule which said that no side in this league could field more than two non-Maltese. According to Dave Ditcham this rule was introduced to prevent local sides getting hold of all the best Services players and to prevent the R.N., R.A.F. and the Army entering teams.
    </p>
    <p>
        During this period a ladies' team called 'Overseas' played in the Ladies League, and although they were not connected with the Overseas Rugby and Sports Club, I think readers will be interested in learning something about them. The ladies did consider applying to become a section of the Overseas Rugby and Sports Club in September, 1973, but decided against it at the time. The Ladies Overseas began as an effort by Maureen Kearns (now Mrs. Whittle) and Marylin Fletcher (now Mrs. Wanley-Harris), to organize a Ladies League to give the Tal Handaq Schoolgirls' team some competitive sport. A Ladies 
    </p>
</body>
</html>

