<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>EPUB Document</title>
    <style>
      body {
        font-family: "Times New Roman", serif;
        margin: 20px;
      }
      h1, h2, h3 {
        text-align: center;
      }
      pre {
        white-space: pre-wrap;
        font-family: "Courier New", monospace;
      }
    </style>
  </head>
  <body>
    <div>
      <pre>
        came under the Commodore Superintendent of the Yard like
        himself, Land's Department, Dingli w/toutation, and the odd
        body seconded to Malta for Army duties etc'.

        The formation meeting was opened by Fred Hitchcock and
        Trevor Lewis, and on addressing those attending Fred outlined
        the general concept to form a Rugby Club of U.K. personnel or
        personnel attached to small units, civilians, etc. In Trevor's
        own words: 'From there the Club was formed'.

        The names of the first Officials of the Club, elected in
        November, 1946 also names of the first members, although I
        cannot confirm that they all attended the formation meeting,
        were as follows:—
        
        President              Commodore D. Orr-Ewing
        Chairman               F. Hitchcock
        Hon. Secretary         D. Calnan
        Hon. Treasurer         R. Price
        Hon. Social Secretary  R. Meredith
        Team Captain           H. Hodges
        Vice-Captain           R. Tallick
        Selection Committee    T. Lewis
        Committee - D. Hope, J. Dyer, Over, W. Wainwright.
        Members - R.H. McIntosh, T. May, Yates, D. Carrol,
                  Robinson, D. Walker, Brocklehurst, Ramage,
                  Thirscutt, P. Cheeseman.

        During this first season, although deeply involved in the
        Club's formation, Trevor Lewis declined all Offices. This
        was due to the fact that he lived at Mdina. However, he did
        serve on Committees, and with move of residence to Sliema he
        took up Office of Hon. Secretary for the two seasons, 1947/49.
        He left Malta in June, 1949.

        NAME OF THE CLUB
        From the response received at the formation meeting it 
        was decided that there was sufficient interest and playing 
        strength to form the Club. The name of the Club was discussed, 
        and in view of the diversity of employment of the interested 
        parties, it was decided that an all embracing title should be 
        assumed. Both Trevor and Ray say that it was decided to call 
        the Club the 'Overseas Rugby Football Club' and from then one 
        would assume that it was at this first A.G.M. that the name 
        'Overseas' was decided upon. However, in my initial searches 
        for information and old members to write to, I contacted the 
        person who had owned and managed the Queens Hall, Old College 
        Street, Sliema, a Mr Paul Magro. From its earliest days the 
        Club had held dances at the Queens Hall. Mr Magro informed me 
        that Lt. R. Meredith (RN), who used to live in a flat belonging 
        to him, had arranged Overseas dances in the Queens Hall in 1947. 
        Fortunately, Paul Magro had kept his old registers and we found 
        that these dances, on different dates, were listed as being held 
        by both the Overseas RFC and the Dockyard RFC. Mr Magro confirmed 
        that all the dances were organised by the same people. So, nothing 
        loath, I contacted Mr C.O. Borg (Lino to his associates) in the 
        Office of Inland Revenue, Succession and other Duties Branch, 
        Monte di Pieta Buildings, 46, Merchant Street, Valletta, as I 
        had been informed that the Club would have had to apply there 
        for a permit to hold entertainment at the Queens Hall. Lino was 
      </pre>
    </div>
  </body>
</html>

