<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
<head>
    <title>Reformation of Overseas R.U.F.C.</title>
    <style type="text/css">
        body { font-family: "Times New Roman", serif; }
        .center { text-align: center; }
        .bold { font-weight: bold; }
        .underline { text-decoration: underline; }
        .narrow { margin-left: 20px; margin-right: 20px; }
        pre { white-space: pre-wrap; }
    </style>
</head>
<body>

    <h1 class="center">1972/73</h1>
    <h2 class="center underline">REFORMATION OF OVERSEAS R.U.F.C.</h2>

    <div class="narrow">
        <p>As mentioned previously, a Steering Meeting of members who had been elected at the <span class="bold">A.G.M.</span> 1971, was held at the Malta United Film Corporation Offices, Zachary Street, Valletta, on the 21st September, 1972. Present were: Messrs J. Christie; T. Ricketts; J. Sharp; R. Daley; M. Lewis; D. Taylor; F. Kitson and J. Handford. This was the initial meeting to determine the possibility of the rebirth of the Club. Mr. Christie was able to inform members of this Committee that he and Mr. Sharp had visited Dr. B. Camilleri, the Malta Government Minister in Charge of the Marsa Grounds, and permission had been given for Overseas to use a pitch at the Marsa, complete with 2 changing rooms and bar facilities after the game. From this it will be appreciated that the situation as regards Club House, grounds and changing rooms had changed completely. Prior to the withdrawal, the Marsa Sports Grounds area, including Marsa Lodge, came under the jurisdiction of the British Army Authorities.</p>

        <p>Now, however, the whole area came under direct control of the Malta Sports Board, a department of the Malta Government. At this Steering Committee Meeting it was decided to invite the Service Representatives to a 'discussion' on Rugby on the Island, also to hold an Inaugural Meeting for all ex-members and potential new members. </p>

        <p>The informal Meeting of Overseas Committee and Service Representatives took place at the N.U.T.C offices on the 5th October, 1972. The Inaugural Meeting took place at the Malta Sports Club, previously known as the United Services Sports Club, on the 19th October. At the Inaugural Meeting it was formally decided that the Club should be reformed under the same constitution as that in force prior to the enforced disbandment. It was also decided that all Officials elected at the 1971 <span class="bold">A.G.M.</span> should continue in Office until the next <span class="bold">A.G.M.</span></p>

    </div>

    <h2 class="center underline">ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING</h2>

    <div class="narrow">
        <p>The Annual General Meeting, National Sports Board Rooms, Marsa Lodge, 23rd November, 1972.</p>

        <p>The following Officials were elected:</p>

        <pre>
President           Mr. J. Christie
Vice-Presidents     Lt. Cdr. J. Harrell, R.N.
                    Mr. F. Kitson
                    Mr. J. Sharp
                    Mr. C. Rice
                    Mr. J. Handford
                    Mr. C. Fox
                    Mr. D. Alexander
Hon. Secretary      Mr. T.N. Ricketts
Hon. Treasurer      Mr. M.F. Lewis
Hon. Social Secretary   Mr. R. Daley
Club House/Bar Manager  Mr. N. Armstrong
Team Captain and
Hon. Fixture Secretary  Mr. N. Armstrong
Team Vice-Captain       Mr. J. Glover
Tours Secretary         Mr. D. Taylor
Selection Committee     Messrs: N. Armstrong; J. Glover
                        and J. Christie.
        </pre>
    </div>

</body>
</html>

