<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN" 
    "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
    <title>Club History</title>
    <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="application/xhtml+xml; charset=UTF-8" />
    <style>
        body { font-family: "Arial", sans-serif; margin: 20px; }
        h1, h2 { text-align: center; }
        p { text-align: justify; }
        .subheading { font-weight: bold; text-align: center; margin-top: 20px; }
        .quote { margin-left: 40px; font-style: italic; }
    </style>
</head>
<body>
    <p>Andrews Feeds. The labour was carried out by contractor Mr. M. Agius, Club members and Andrews Feeds.</p>
    <p>The last minuted social event to be held in the Club House by Overseas, prior to relinquishing it, was a Social Evening on the 8th February, 1980, when Overseas hosted important people with whom the Club had had contacts. The list of guests for this occasion included such people as the Minister of Sport, the Directors of Andrews Feeds and the Directors of Simonds Farsons Cisk. Arrangements for this function were made by a sub-Committee consisting of Ian Agius-Ferrante, Charles Borda, and Charles Mock.</p>
    <p>For a number of years, due to the extension of Dockyard planning, there had been the threat of 20 Flagstone Wharf being demolished. In April, 1979, came a further threat when James Andrews, President of Overseas, but also the General Manager of Andrews Feeds, owners of the premises, informed Overseas Committee that the continued availability of the premises as a Club might be in the balance owing to a re-organization to be made by the Mill. James left Malta in May, 1979, returning to Belfast. In July, 1979, when Jack Sharp spoke in Committee concerning the possible disposal of the Andrews property at Flagstone Wharf, he paid tribute to James Andrews for his efforts, both in Malta and in Belfast, to ensure that it did not happen to the detriment of Overseas. Thanks to the efforts of both James Andrews, and his successor at Andrews Feeds, Dave Gribbon, Overseas retained use of Flagstone Wharf up to June, 1980, when the rundown to the Club Closure had started, and need for a Club House for Overseas no longer existed. The Calypso Diving Club had by this time been offered the use of the Metropole Cinema as a Club House. The furniture from Overseas Club House at Flagstone Wharf was given to the Calypso Club, ostensibly on loan.</p>

    <h2 class="subheading">DEPARTURES FROM MALTA</h2>
    <p>Inevitably, with the large numbers of Overseas players and committeemen, including Calypso Club members, leaving Malta in the months leading up to the final British Forces withdrawal in March, 1979, many left without being mentioned in dispatches. Besides Ewan MacPherson and James Andrews, the longer serving members of the Club, those leaving included Francis Roberts, Secretary, Derek Holt, rugby player and Calypso Representative, and Paul Miller, Referee's Representative. Also, in January, 1979, the President mentioned that Mal Hunter, Bob Eaton (Referee), Bob Lee and Steve Groom had regrettably left Malta. All these had given a lot of service to the Club, both as officials and players.</p>

    <h2 class="subheading">EWAN MACPHERSON</h2>
    <p>After 3½ years with Overseas, as a very keen rugby player and official, Ewan left Malta at the end of October, 1978. Ewan was also a member of the Calypso Diving Club, and as he said himself, he had a foot in both camps. The service given by Ewan to Overseas is best described by James Andrews in Correspondence to me. I quote:</p>
    <div class="quote">
        "Ewan, through his efforts, by example on the field during matches, and in preparation and coaching in training, did more to improve 'Overseas' rugby (Particularly forward play) in their last few years, than anyone. His contribution on the social side, linking Calypso Club with Overseas, was vital also."
    </div>
    <ul class="quote">
        <li>1976/77 Hon. Secretary, Rugby Section</li>
        <li>1977/78 Vice-President</li>
        <li>Hon. Secretary, Rugby Section</li>
        <li>Vice-Captain</li>
        <li>Selector</li>
        <li>Bar Committee</li>
        <li>1978/79 Committee Member</li>
    </ul>
</body>
</html>

