<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN" 
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
    <title>Part II - 1958/59</title>
    <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="application/xhtml+xml; charset=UTF-8"/>
</head>
<body>
    <h1 style="text-align: center;">PART II</h1>
    <h2 style="text-align: center;">1958/59</h2>
    <h3 style="text-align: center;">REFORMING OVERSEAS ON A CLUB BASIS</h3>
    
    <p>During the close season, on the 20th May, 1958, the
    Hon. Secretary of the Overseas, Captain Jim Osbourne, left
    Malta. During the evening of the 20th he called at my
    house whilst I was at work and left all the worldly possessions
    of the 'Overseas' in my care. My wife suggested that he should
    wait until I came home and ask me himself if I wanted to be
    'Caretaker Secretary' before he left. Jim blithely told my
    wife that he was in transit that night and he was off. When
    I returned home from work I was the Caretaker Secretary, like
    it or not. The Club assets at that time consisted of £11 in
    cash, two sets of jerseys, two rugby balls, a battered type-
    writer, a lacer, pump and some forms. The only Minutes left
    with me were those of a single meeting held on the 27th
    November, 1954.</p>

    <p>With no Committee to work with, and no Service attachment,
    I decided immediately to reform Overseas on a Club basis, to
    the same ideals and outlook as I had known in 1948/50. Perhaps
    this had been in Jim Osbourne's mind when he left Overseas in
    my care. Fortunately, such rugby stalwarts as Major G.C.D.
    Scott Lowe, Jim Swain, the previous year Team Captain, and
    Jim Stalworthy were around at the right time. The Major,
    Army R.U. (Malta) Chairmen, readily agreed to be President
    of the Overseas Club. Circulars re Overseas, with the Major's
    authority, were put out to Service Units and at the same time
    contact was made with Civilian firms such as Wimpeys. At
    that time the main Wimpey construction unit was at Has Saptan.</p>

    <p>It is a peculiarity of rugby in Malta, that even as 
    Servicemen like to join the Overseas, the only civilian club
    on the island, the very existence of a civilian club depends
    so much on the help of the Services and also on Servicemen
    joining the Club. For instance, all rugby pitches were on
    Service property. We in the Overseas have been thankful of
    the good relations which have always existed.</p>

    <p>The first meeting of the 1958/59 season was held at 77,
    Grenfell Street, St. Julians, on the 6th September, 1958.
    The three members present were Messrs. N.C. Morgan, Secretary,
    N.J. Swain, Fixture Secretary, and J. Stalworthy, Committee
    Member. Jim Stalworthy turned down the Office of Treasurer,
    but agreed to act as Chairman. At this meeting it was agreed
    to drop the issue of inscribed tankards to those leaving the
    Club and so enabling subscriptions to be lowered. The second
    meeting was held on the 11th October, same address, when we
    were joined by Bill Polkinghorne, another rugby stalwart. Bill
    agreed to act as Treasurer. At the second meeting it was
    decided, that although it was only by nominating ourselves as
    Officials of the Club could it be restarted on a 'Club Basis',
    we must legalize ourselves in positions held, by being elected
    at a General Meeting, or others elected to take over. It was
    therefore decided to call an Annual General Meeting at the
    first available date.</p>
</body>
</html>

