<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN" 
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
<head>
    <title>Scanned Page</title>
    <meta charset="UTF-8"/>
    <style type="text/css">
        body { font-family: serif; margin: 2em; }
    </style>
</head>
<body>
    <p>From the outset, the building and all items within were insured by Andrews Feeds. In April, 1974, an incident in 
    which water was left running within the Club, and which seeped through into the warehouse below, involved insurance 
    claims which Andrews Feeds dealt with. After this incident, Mr. D. Taylor, Overseas Treasurer, inquired into the necessity 
    of Overseas taking out a separate insurance, only to be told that a blanket insurance was held by Andrews Feeds Malta Ltd.</p>

    <p>When Overseas R.U.F.C. became Overseas Rugby and Sports 
    Club in September, 1973, Mr. Armstrong believed we should look 
    into the possibility of purchasing our own premises. Because 
    of the political situation the Committee were against 
    purchasing a property, and in November, 1973, Mr. Armstrong 
    was asked to approach his Company with the view to a long-term 
    rental, depending on Police permission. Fortunately, or 
    unfortunately, the Directors of the Company were against 
    this, but, they had no objection to some form of redecoration 
    under Mr. Armstrong's control. However, before this, was 
    carried out another problem arose. Mr. Armstrong reported 
    that there was a possibility of the area in front of the 
    Club House being turned into a dry-dock with consequential 
    difficulties in approaching the Club House entrance. Once 
    again Mr. Sharp came to the rescue. In an interview with 
    Mr. I. Sant, Minister of Public Buildings & Works, Mr. Sharp 
    was informed that the dry-docks were only in the planning 
    stage and that it would be some time before the scheme 
    affected us. With this assurance, the work went ahead. 
    On the 22nd November, 1973, a Sub-Committee was formed, 
    comprising of Mr. C. C. Fox (Chairman); Mr Armstrong and Mr 
    R. Ward, to deal with redecoration. Mr. Ward, Hockey 
    Section Captain, advised on possible designs. On the 22nd 
    February 1974, with the expert advice of the firm's architect 
    workmen from Andrews Feeds and the R.U.S.C. widened the opening 
    between the two rooms by means of an archway. A number of 
    Club members volunteered their assistance. The alteration 
    and redecoration were completed by the 31st March, 1974.</p>

    <p>During December, 1974, the Club House was again re-decorated, 
    this time under a Sub-Committee comprising of 
    Messrs. A. Armstrong, J. Masuero, H. Crossfield and B. Jones. 
    The General Committee authorized that £50 be spent on soft 
    furnishings and decoration. In January, 1975, curtains, 
    tables and chairs were purchased, and at long last the Club 
    House was complete. Again a number of members volunteered 
    their assistance.</p>

    <p>Niall Armstrong left Malta in October, 1975. It is thanks 
    to Niall's unceasing effort that the Club, in the first place, 
    received permission from the Directors of Andrews Feeds to use 
    the premises, and later received permission to alter them 
    structurally. It is also thanks to Niall and Jack Sharp for 
    overcoming the problems of obtaining the Police Licence and 
    carrying out alterations.</p>

    <p>Finally, at the beginning of the 1975/76 season, the Bar/ 
    Club House Manager, Mr. H. Crossfield, and the Social Secretary, 
    Mr. J. Hughes with the help of other members, gave the Club 
    House another face lift.</p>
</body>
</html>

