<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
    "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
    <title>Rugby Report</title>
    <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="application/xhtml+xml; charset=UTF-8" />
</head>
<body>
    <h1>Page 157</h1>

    <pre>
Fri 24th Mar  R.A.F.          0 vs Moseley 33    Safi
Sat 25th     Overseas         6 vs Moseley 36    Marsa
Sun 26th     Malta XV         0 vs Moseley 49    Marsa
Mon 27th     Combined Services 4 vs Moseley 36   Safi
    </pre>

    <p><strong>Referees:</strong> P. Miller, R. Eaton, M. Kirk <em>A.N. Other</em></p>

    <p><strong>Overseas Team:</strong> S. Mangion, A. Darmanin, S. Thomas, S. Groom,
    M. Crossfield, P. Shannon, J. Andrews (Captain),
    E. Macpherson (Vice Captain), C. Borda, D. Holt,
    W. Ellul-Bonnici, D. Schembri, N. Caruana,
    R. Foulsham, D. Tarrant.</p>

    <p>The Island Sevens, sponsored by the R.A.F. were held at
    Safi on the 19th March. Overseas entered 2 teams and our 'A' team 
    was unfortunate to be beaten in the final of the Cup Competition 
    by the R.A.F. 'A', 10 points to 8. Tal Handaq won the Plate
    Competition.</p>

    <p>The last game of the season for Overseas was on the 14th 
    May, 1978 when we beat H.M.S. Fearless 20-4.</p>

    <p>In what is perhaps the last 'full' season of senior rugby 
    in Malta, I would like to comment on the marvellous relationship 
    between Overseas and the Services in organizing senior rugby on 
    the Island, on an individual basis, and through the Joint Services 
    Rugby Committee. Overseas is represented on the J.S.R.C. by the 
    Team Captain, and its credit to this body that such a full 
    fixture list has been kept, especially in the last two years, 
    with so few resident teams. This co-operation has existed since 
    the Club was formed in 1946, and it has given rugby in Malta a 
    sound base to work from. I have said it is perhaps the last 
    full season, because, in spite of the wish to keep Overseas going 
    as a Rugby Club, I have been told by both Navy and R.A.F. organizers 
    that it will be very difficult, if not impossible, for either 
    Service to put out teams next year. If I have not always given 
    due praise to the different services for their part in the Rugby 
    life of Malta, it is only because of the lack of time and space, 
    and I have had to keep to the history of Overseas.</p>

    <p>I have already mentioned the hard work done by members of 
    the Committee, but others who also deserve praise are those, such 
    as Charlie and Doris Borda, who are always there when called on. 
    I certainly did not expect to see Charlie play rugby again after 
    a serious operation two years ago. Doris has been looking after 
    the jerseys all season, and is constantly working for the club. 
    I am also thinking of such good members as Margaret Mcpherson, 
    and Carol Crossfield, who along with Doris Borda have done much 
    work preparing food for social functions at the club, and also 
    cleaning and tidying up before and afterwards. I must include 
    also Dorothy Sharp, Maria Schembri, Margaret Newton and Liz Andrews 
    for the constant support they give the Club. Of the Committee, it 
    is hoped that Jack Sharp, in his retirement, will be available at 
    times to give advice. Unfortunately, Ewan Macpherson, Secretary, 
    leaves Malta in October, 1978, although fortunate, with his 
    experience of rugby and the running of the club, he will be there 
    to tide the Club over the next A.G.M., usually held in September. 
    For the future, a great deal will rest on the shoulders of James 
    Andrews who has done so much for the Club over two seasons, even 
    though he has threatened to hang up his boots, the rugby experience 
    and club knowledge of David Schembri, Marcel Cassar, Charlie Borda, 
    and others, and most important, those who are elected at the Extra- 
    ordinary General Meeting to be held in June, 1978 to form an interim 
    Committee, and perhaps form the next Committee at the A.G.M. 
    I wish Overseas well in the future.</p>

</body>
</html>

