<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
  <title>Minor Units Knock-Out Cup</title>
  <style type="text/css">
    body {
      margin: 1em;
      font-family: "Times New Roman", Times, serif;
    }
    .section-title {
      text-align: center;
      margin-top: 0em;
      margin-bottom: 1em;
    }
    .subsection {
      margin-bottom: 1em;
    }
  </style>
</head>
<body>

  <div class="section-title">
    <h3>Minor Units Knock-Out Cup</h3>
  </div>

  <div class="subsection">
    <p>
      Overseas Representative on the Joint Services Football Association for 1973/74 was Mr. T. Ricketts.
    </p>
  </div>

  <div class="subsection">
    <p>
      The 1973/74 season started off with a Major League game on the 15th September - Overseas, as Corinthians, played the R.A.F. at Corradino.
    </p>
    <p>
      1973/74 proved to be the most successful season in the Soccer Section's history. It finished the season 2nd to 41 Commando in the Major League, Champion of Division II in the Minor League, and winner of the Joint Services Knock-Out Cup. Only 8 games were lost out of a total of 37.
    </p>
    <p>
      The highlights of the season were two superb games in the Major League against 41 Cdo. Both times the Commandos managed to overcome the Corinthians by the odd goal, firstly 3 - 2 and then 4 - 3. Corinthians finished the league with 14 points from 10 games.
    </p>
  </div>

  <div class="subsection">
    <p>
      In the Minor League U.K. Civilians swept all before them and a succession of superb wins left us at the top of the table with 28 points from 16 games, 6 points in front of our nearest rivals '2 Troop'. Prior to the two games lost in this league during 1973/74, the U.K. Civilians had not lost for 4 years. U.K. Civilians completed a double in the Minor League when they won the Knock-Out Cup, beating St. Angelo in the final by 5 goals to 1.
    </p>
  </div>

  <div class="subsection">
    <p>
      Throughout the 1973/74 season Overseas was basically dependent on 16 players for both leagues, and this fact alone makes their achievements even more remarkable.
    </p>
  </div>

  <div class="subsection">
    <p>
      During the month of January, 1974, we were down to 12 players. Of the 21 players who appeared for Overseas during the season, 10 played 30 or more games out of the maximum of 37. In his end of season report, the Soccer Section Secretary, whilst commenting on, and because of, the tremendous team spirit, said it would be wrong to single out individual players. He did mention, however, that in keeping with the spirit of the side, Mike Newton played 15 times and was substitute for 10, Malcolm Panter played 10 times and was substitute for 18, also that two of the side scored over 100 goals between them out of 136 scored by the team.
    </p>
  </div>

  <div class="subsection">
    <p>
      Dennis Locke had been Team Captain for the last two seasons 1972-74, and in this task he had been ably assisted by Vice-Captain Phil Dobson, known to one and all as 'Dobbie'. Jeff Bonner did an excellent job in organizing numerous social functions.
    </p>
  </div>

</body>
</html>

