<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
    "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
    <title>Document Page 147</title>
    <style type="text/css">
        body {
            font-family: "Courier New", Courier, monospace;
            white-space: pre-wrap; /* Preserves whitespace */
        }
        .header {
            text-align: right;
        }
        .match {
            margin-top: 20px;
        }
    </style>
</head>
<body>
    <div class="header">147</div>
    <p>
        and the Navy respectively.  In defeating the Navy, Gerry Davey
        scored 104, and Trevor Ricketts 99, out of a total score of 246-4.
    </p>
    <p>
        Throughout the season 8 talented cricketing sides toured
        Malta, for the most part old friends, starting with the Speedbirds
        C.C. in May. The other visitors were Mendip Acorns in June,
        followed closely by newcomers the Sheffield Cricket Lovers from
        Yorkshire. At the end of August came Old Vigornians from
        Worcester and in September the Nottingham Select and the
        Blighters. In October the season was brought to a close by the
        Mendip Acorns again, the Forty Club and Bill Frindall's XI.
        All the touring sides played Combined Service and/or Combined
        Civilian teams, and each touring side played different individual
        teams. For the Cricket Festival in October, we had no less than
        3 Overseas players selected for the Malta squad, plus two other
        members who were playing under another flag. Overseas played
        against Nottingham Select on the 24th September, and we were
        the only side to register a win over them. We also played
        against Mendip Acorns on the 15th October, and in this game we
        were narrowly beaten. Both these touring sides contained county
        players.
    </p>
    <div class="match">
        <p>Sat 24 Sep vs Nottingham Select &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Won Nottingham 237-7, Overseas 241-4: Davey 119</p>
        <p>Sat 15 Oct vs Mendip Acorns &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Lost Overseas 194, Mendip Acorns 195-3</p>
    </div>
    <p>
        Overseas 2nd XI played 4 matches, their opponents being
        the Navy (twice), Malta Sports Club 2nd XI, and Tal Handaq.
    </p>
    <p>
        The Malta Cricket League tour to Corfu, 22nd August to
        2nd September, was a great success, and in spite of some very
        patriotic umpiring, the tourists managed to win 2 out of 5 games
        played. The touring party included 5 Overseas members, viz,
        Trevor Ricketts, Mike Newton, Dave Smith, Gerry Davey, and
        Brian Leonard. I am told that some of the tactics employed to
        ensure a home win were quite amusing though apt to spoil the
        game from a cricket point of view. However, the fact that the
        tour was enjoyable is borne out by the fact that the Overseas
        President, Trevor Ricketts, has threatened to retire in Corfu.
    </p>
    <p>
        As in all sections of 'Seas' team spirit remained high
        throughout what was possibly the penultimate season for the
        Cricket Section, indeed, under the Captaincy and example of
        Gerry Davey, and the Vice-Captaincy of Dave Walker, the spirit
        and standard have never been higher. With all players available
        the Overseas XI of 1977 had a very powerful look.
    </p>
    <p>
        Going back to 1973, the year Overseas became a Sports Club,
        in mentioning those members who have given a great deal to
        Overseas Cricket Section, on and off the field, to the fore
        would have to come Trevor Ricketts and Mike Newton. Trevor,
        as ever, the driving force behind Seas, and a prolific scorer
        of runs, was Chairman and Vice-Captain in 1973, and Captain for
        two years, 1974-75. Mike Newton, Secretary for 3 years, 1974-75
        and 1977, Captain 1976 and Vice-Captain 1975. One member who
        has missed watching very few Overseas matches over many years
        is Jack Sharp. Jack, whose encouragement is always welcome, was
        elected on the Selection Committee for 1977. Others, always
        there, and who contributed a great deal to Overseas, to mention
        only a few, Ralph Doley, one of the Founder Members of the
        Cricket Section in 1965, Captain 1973; Peter Wright; Dave Taylor;
        Mike Shaw; Lew Finnis; Treasurer 1973-75; Alan Latham, Chairman
        1974-75; Mike Caseley, Chairman 1976, Treasurer 1977; Mike Plummer
    </p>
</body>
</html>

