<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN" 
    "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
<head>
    <title>1965/66 Annual General Meeting</title>
    <style type="text/css">
        body { font-family: "Courier New", Courier, monospace; }
        .center { text-align: center; }
        .left { text-align: left; }
    </style>
</head>
<body>
    <div class="center">
        <p>57</p>
    </div>
    <h1 class="center">1965/66</h1>
    <p class="center">Annual General Meeting, Marsa Lodge, 14th October, 1965.</p>
    <p class="left">The following Officials were elected:-</p>
    <ul>
        <li>President<br />Mr. J.A. Sharp</li>
        <li>Vice-Presidents
            <ul>
                <li>Mr. N. Johnson</li>
                <li>Mr. G.G. Jackson</li>
                <li>Mr. J.P. Ratcliffe</li>
                <li>Mr. L. Duncan</li>
                <li>Mr. J.D. Green</li>
            </ul>
        </li>
        <li>Hon Secretary and<br />Hon Fixture Secretary Mr. C.V. Morris</li>
        <li>Hon Treasurer<br />Mr. P. Bennie</li>
        <li>Hon Social Secretary<br />Mr. R. Daley</li>
        <li>Club Bar Manager<br />Mr. R.J. McGillivray</li>
        <li>Team Captain and<br />Hon Team Secretary Mr. J.H. Handford</li>
        <li>Team Vice Captain<br />Mr. P.J. Henshall</li>
        <li>Student Representative<br />Mr. K. Lawrence</li>
        <li>Inter Service Representatives on Bar Committee
            <ul>
                <li>Sub Lt. D.D. Davies, R.N.</li>
                <li>Sgt. C. Crawford R.A.F.</li>
                <li>Staff Sgt. T. Bayes Army</li>
            </ul>
        </li>
        <li>Social Committee<br />Messrs. R. Daley (Secretary)</li>
        <li>Club Bar Committee
            <ul>
                <li>Messrs. R.J. McGillivray (Manager)</li>
                <li>B. Jackson, R. Daley, P. Cantello</li>
                <li>P. Henshall, N. Morgan, J. Hitt and J. Handford.</li>
            </ul>
        </li>
    </ul>
    <p class="left">
        At a meeting held on the 4th October, 1965, it had been noted that under the rules of the Club, 
        the Vice-Presidents, as nominees and not elected members, were not entitled to attend meetings of the 
        General Committee. This point was raised at the A.G.M. and Messrs. N. Johnson; G.G. Jackson; 
        J.P. Ratcliffe; L. Duncan and J.D. Green were duly elected, all to remain as Vice-Presidents until such 
        time as they retire from Office or left Malta.
    </p>
    <p class="left">
        The Rules of the Club were amended to include the following as Rule 7:-
    </p>
    <blockquote>
        'That there be a Selection Committee of three the composition of which shall be decided at the Annual 
        General Meeting and shall include the Captain, Vice-Captain and one other.'
    </blockquote>
    <p class="left">
        This meant that the Vice-Captain be elected at the A.G.M. The composition of the Selection Committee 
        for 1965/66 was Messrs. J. Handford (Captain); P. Henshall (Vice-Captain); and P. Ratcliffe.
    </p>
    <p class="left">
        From 1965 to 1971, inclusive, details of Overseas R.U.F.C. were inserted in the Sport Section of The 
        Malta Year Book. These details usually included the President's and Secretary's names and addresses, 
        the fact we were affiliated to the R.F.U. and the previous season's playing record.
    </p>
</body>
</html>

