<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN" 
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
  <title>General Committee 1976/77</title>
  <style type="text/css">
    body { font-family: serif; }
    h1, h2 { text-align: center; }
    .officials { margin-left: 20px; }
    .committee-section { margin-top: 20px; margin-bottom: 20px; }
    p { text-indent: 1em; }
  </style>
</head>
<body>
  <h1>1976/77</h1>
  <h2>GENERAL COMMITTEE</h2>

  <div class="committee-section">
    <p>Annual General Meeting, Club House, 30th September, 1976.</p>
    <p>The following Officials were elected:</p>
    <div class="officials">
      <p><strong>President</strong> &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;T.N. Ricketts</p>
      <p><strong>Vice-Presidents</strong></p>
      <ul>
        <li>W. Newton</li>
        <li>J. Sharp</li>
        <li>F. Kitson</li>
        <li>B. Charnley</li>
        <li>B. Leonard</li>
      </ul>
      <p>C. Fox</p>
      <p>D. Alexander</p>
      <p>A. Lathan</p>
      <p>D. Walker</p>
      <p>Hon. P.J. Tyler</p>
      <p><strong>Hon. General Secretary</strong> &nbsp;&nbsp;C.E. Fitches</p>
      <p><strong>Hon. General Treasurer</strong> &nbsp;&nbsp;J. Andrews</p>
      <p><strong>Hon. General Social Secretary</strong> &nbsp;&nbsp;J.A. Hughes</p>
      <p><strong>Membership Secretary</strong> &nbsp;&nbsp;A. Lathan</p>
      <p><strong>Club House/Bar Manager</strong> &nbsp;&nbsp;M. Crossfield</p>
      <p><strong>Social Committee</strong> &nbsp;&nbsp;J.A. Hughes (Secretary), and one member from each Section</p>
      <p><strong>Bar Committee</strong> &nbsp;&nbsp;M. Crossfield (Manager), G. Davey, S. Newman, J. Hughes and W. Wood</p>
    </div>
  </div>

  <div class="committee-section">
    <p>After 4 years as Hon. Secretary, followed by 3 years as Hon. General Secretary, Trevor Ricketts was honoured by being elected the 12th President of the Club. It was an honour well deserved. The Office of Hon. General Secretary was taken over by Charlie Fitches.</p>
  </div>
  
  <div class="committee-section">
    <p><strong>Steering Committee for the Run Down of the Club</strong></p>
    <p>With the 7-year Defence Agreement between Malta and Britain due to end in March, 1979, and the consequent complete withdrawal of all British Forces and U.K. Based Civilians from Malta, there exists the very real possibility that on or before that date the Overseas Rugby and Sports Club will be forced to close down. Besides the obvious problem of lack of numbers, there is the question of whether the Maltese, members and non-members, have sufficient interest to keep the non-Maltese sports of rugby and cricket alive in Malta. As for soccer and hockey, especially with soccer being the Maltese national game, the question is whether there would be the continued need for 'Overseas' XI's. All sections of the Club have already felt the strain of decreasing numbers and lack of fixtures as the British Forces have gradually withdrawn, but the testing time will finally arrive when the last of the British Service Schools, Tal Handaq and Luqa, close in July, 1978. The biggest proportion of our present membership comes from the Service schools, particularly S.C.S. Tal Handaq, and to a lesser extent from the Services. With this in mind, in February, 1977, at the suggestion of the General Secretary, Mr C. Fitches, the Overseas General Committee formed a Steering Committee to consider the future activities of the Club, and ultimately to make recommendations with regard to the distribution and eventual disposal of the Club's funds.</p>
    <p>The Steering Committee was formed from members of the General Committee and was made up as follows:</p>
    <p>Messrs C. Fox (Chairman), J. Sharp, J. Andrews and B. Leonard</p>
    <p>The Steering Committee met twice during the second half of the 1976/77 season, and having examined the full list of members, both playing and social, the Chairman, Mr. C. Fox,</p>
  </div>
</body>
</html>

