<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
  <title>Hockey Section 1975/76</title>
  <style type="text/css">
    body { font-family: monospace; }
    .center { text-align: center; }
    .right { text-align: right; }
  </style>
</head>
<body>
  <h2 class="center">HOCKEY SECTION 1975/76</h2>

  <pre>
Chairman              P. Marchant
Hon. Secretary        D. Walker
Hon. Treasurer        P. Marchant
Hon. Social Secretary J. Hughes
Team Captain          D. Walker
Vice-Captain          P. Marchant
  </pre>

  <p>
    The Hockey League 1975/76 was much better organized 
    than in previous seasons. The Overseas Hockey team was 
    also much stronger and consequently it was a successful and 
    enjoyable season.
  </p>

  <p>
    The League started on the 27th October and ended on 
    the 12th April with 8 teams taking part, namely, Overseas, 
    234 Signal Squadron A &amp; B, Royal Marines A &amp; B, St. Angelo, 
    R.N. Hospital and Luqa.
  </p>

  <p>
    During the season the regular players were D. Walker, 
    D. Taylor, P. Marchant, M. Crossfield, H. Ritchie, G. Devey, 
    J. Whitehead, C. Fitches, G. Porter, Captain P. Stanley 
    (O.C. Schools), Miss M. Turner, Miss M. Loughran, D. North, 
    M. Hyland and L. Pape. The last three named were boys from 
    the S.C.S. Tal Handaq. Unfortunately, from this small number 
    of players, the following left Malta during or at the end of 
    the season, L. Pape (February, 1976), M. Hyland (March, 1976), 
    G. Porter (April, 1976), Captain P. Stanley (July, 1976), 
    and D. Taylor (July, 1976)
  </p>

  <pre>
<H3>Hockey League</H3>      <strong>- 'Overseas'</strong>
P12 - W5 - D1 - L6      <span class="right">Points 11</span>

<H3>Friendlies</H3>        
P 4 - W1 - D1 - L2
  </pre>
  
</body>
</html>

