<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN" 
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
    <title>Scanned Page</title>
    <style type="text/css">
        body {
            font-family: serif;
            margin: 1em;
        }
        .section {
            margin-bottom: 2em;
        }
        .title {
            font-weight: bold;
            margin-bottom: 0.5em;
        }
    </style>
</head>
<body>
    <div class="section">
        <p class="title">Overseas</p>
        <p>
            R. McArdle, S. Sandford, G. Moore, W. Woud, <br />
            M. Crossfield, B. Charnley (Captain), D. Syrad, <br />
            E. Macpherson, P. Torrie, J. Meager, D. Schembri, <br />
            R. Bowler, B. Traynor, P. Wilson and M. Gorwyn
        </p>
    </div>

    <div class="section">
        <p class="title">Energoinvest</p>
        <p>
            M. Erceg, V. Simic, D. Simic, M. Kovacevic, E. Ban, <br />
            M. Kratochwill, M. Bulic, M. Protega, I. Kelviser, <br />
            B. Kurtovic (Captain), I. Glibota, Z. Babic, <br />
            T. Sabic, T. Skender, M. Nucic. Reserve: A. Vujcic
        </p>
    </div>

    <div class="section">
        <p class="title">Referee</p>
        <p>Mr. Sinisa Tartaglia (Yugoslavia)</p>
    </div>

    <div class="section">
        <p>
            Overseas was represented in the Malta Select XV by Brian <br />
            Charnley and by David Schembri as reserve. Energoinvest fielded <br />
            an unchanged side. After the running game by Energoinvest <br />
            against Overseas, and knowing the strength of the Malta team, <br />
            mostly 41 Cdo, a large crowd turned up expecting a good game. <br />
            They were not disappointed, but with most threequarter movements <br />
            being stopped by the opposing cover, it became an uncompromising <br />
            trial of strength up forward, and so scrappy at times. In the <br />
            second half the strength of the Malta Select's forwards gradually <br />
            wore their opponents down.
        </p>
    </div>

    <div class="section">
        <p class="title">Result</p>
        <p>
            Malta Select 20 <br />
            Energoinvest 6
        </p>
    </div>

    <div class="section">
        <p class="title">Malta Select</p>
        <p>
            R. McArdle (Captain), L. Grainger, K. Blackmore, <br />
            G. Laing, R. Stringer, S. Murphy, B. Charnley, <br />
            P. Torrie, K. Pritchard, N. Norman, P. Wilson, <br />
            M. Graham, G. Lyons, C. Brant and N. Holloway. <br />
            Reserve: D. Schembri
        </p>
    </div>

    <div class="section">
        <p class="title">Referee</p>
        <p>Mr. Barry Fennie (R.A.F.)</p>
    </div>

    <div class="section">
        <p class="title">Dates of Tours and Games Results</p>
        <p>
            Deri R.F.C. 11th - 14th March <br />
            Energoinvest R.C. 19th - 26th March <br />
            Abercarn R.F.C. 15th - 18th April
        </p>

        <p>
            Fri 12th Mar 41 Cdo 27 vs Deri R.F.C. 4 <br />
            Sat 13th Mar Malta XV 26 vs Deri R.F.C. 6 <br />
            Sun 21st Mar Overseas 20 vs Energoinvest R.C. 30 Marsa <br />
            Wed 24th Mar Malta XV 20 vs Energoinvest R.C. 6 Marsa <br />
            Fri 16th Apr R.A.F. vs Abercarn R.F.C. Safi <br />
            Sat 17th Apr Malta XV vs Abercarn R.F.C. Safi
        </p>
    </div>

    <div class="section">
        <p>
            At the beginning of the season Overseas yet again attempted <br />
            to interest the Maltese Colleges in rugby. Mr. J. Sharp, Rugby <br />
            Section Chairman, first approached the National Sports Board <br />
            and then wrote direct to the Rectors of St. Edward's, De La Salle <br />
            and St. Aloysius College. Mr. Sharp pointed out that we would <br />
            like to see the game of rugby established in Malta before the <br />
            British presence was withdrawn in 1979. This produced immediate <br />
            response from St. Edward's College and by agreement between the <br />
            College, the N.S.B., and S.C.S. Tal Handaq, pupils from the <br />
            College trained with pupils from Tal Handaq during the latters <br />
            games periods on Friday afternoons at the Marsa. The pupils <br />
            were instructed by Trevor Ricketts and Dave Taylor, sports <br />
            masters at Tal Handaq, with Dave being in charge of coaching <br />
            the boys from the College. By the end of January some of the <br />
        </p>
    </div>
</body>
</html>

