<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
<head>
    <title>Hockey Section 1977/78</title>
    <style>
        body { font-family: sans-serif; margin: 1em; }
        h1 { text-align: center; }
        .roles { margin-top: 1em; margin-bottom: 1em; }
        .role { margin-bottom: 0.5em; }
        p { text-align: justify; }
    </style>
</head>
<body>
    <h1>HOCKEY SECTION 1977/78</h1>
    <div class="roles">
        <div class="role"><strong>Chairman</strong> P. Marchant</div>
        <div class="role"><strong>Hon. Secretary</strong> D. Walker</div>
        <div class="role"><strong>Hon. Treasurer</strong> P. Marchant</div>
        <div class="role"><strong>Hon. Social Secretary</strong> D. Walker</div>
        <div class="role"><strong>Team Captain</strong> D. Walker</div>
        <div class="role"><strong>Vice-Captain</strong> M. Crossfield</div>
    </div>
    <p>In spite of the loss of a number of players, and a depleted Service League, Overseas continued to field a side. Even so, the gradual withdrawal of the Services from Malta was beginning to bite, and it was difficult to obtain fixtures. The Services League now contained only 4 teams, i.e. Overseas, The Navy (combined with the Commandos), the R.A.F., and the Army. To try to counteract this, the Overseas Hockey Section Secretary, Mr. David Walker, wrote to the Hockey Association Malta in an attempt to enter an Overseas team in the Malta Hockey League, but our application was rejected. The reason given was that the Association could not waive their rule that there could not be more than two non-Maltese players in any team.</p>
    <p>As the season started there was continued difficulty in arranging matches in the Services League, also friendlies outside the league. In spite of this, a number of friendlies were played, including games against the Malta club 'Young Stars' and a local club from Qormi. The Young Stars, Malta League Champions in 1976/77, mainly Maltese teachers, defeated Overseas twice. Our relations with the Maltese clubs were very cordial.</p>
    <p>Overseas took part in a 6 a-side competition organized by Luxol, a Maltese club which is sponsored by Pepsi-Cola, and succeeded in reaching the quarter final. The Hal Handaq XI won the Plate. During this competition, the game in which Overseas defeated Valliere (this year's Malta League leaders) appeared on Malta T.V. Overseas also took part in a 6 a-side Knockout Competition, organized by the White Hart Hockey Club, on Sunday, 2nd April. This was the first time we had been invited to take part. The competition took place at Corradino Recreational Sports Ground.</p>
    <p>The Overseas XI was much changed from the previous seasons, and it was not always possible to field a full strength side. When it was possible, Overseas were a match for any Service side (although results rarely reflected this), and for many Maltese sides too. Even so, without 4 schoolboys from Tal Handaq we would not have been able to field a team, for besides those players who left in July, 1977, Charles Fitches and Gerry Davey were unable to play for medical reasons. We had hoped to persuade some Maltese players to join us, but with our exclusion from the Malta League there was no attraction for them, and so, to the end, we remained a U.K.-based Civilian/Tal Handaq side.</p>
    <p>Three Overseas players, Dave Walker, John Whitehead, and Steve Oliver, were selected to play for a Combined XI (Navy, R.A.F. and Overseas) to play against the Malta XI on Sunday, 5th March, 1978. This was no mean achievement for Steve Oliver, who at 17 years of age, had already played ...</p>
</body>
</html>

