<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
    <title>Page 17</title>
</head>
<body>

    <p>Service game played during the week with my kit, and again during the second season with Overseas Team Captain, 
    Jim Swain, hoping teams would turn up short. We must have played for all teams on the Island, sometimes on opposite sides.</p>

    <p>During the same two seasons important changes took place regarding teams on the Island. Both changes, the formation of two new teams, 
    the Naval Shore Establishments (Forts) and the Nomads, affected Overseas very much. They further weakened the Overseas XV at the same 
    time providing much needed extra opposition.</p>

    <h2>NAVAL SHORE ESTABLISHMENTS (THE FORTS) R.F.C.</h2>

    <p>The Naval Shore Establishments (The Forts) R.F.C. was formed at the beginning of the 1956/57 season. Previously, all naval players 
    without a service team had been able to play for Overseas, now their allegiance was to the Forts. All persons stationed at or attached to Naval 
    Shore Establishments, W/T Stations etc., excluding H.M.S. Falcon (Hal Far), were automatically Associate Members of the Forts. Either by 
    representing the Forts at rugby or by subscribing the sum of 2/- to Club Funds they became Full Members.</p>

    <h2>THE NOMADS</h2>

    <p>At the beginning of the 1957/58 season the small army units based on Malta joined together to form a team called the Nomads, later to be 
    called the Signets. This change did not affect Overseas quite so much as the Forts did in the previous season. The Nomads was only a team 
    whereas the Forts formed a Club. Nevertheless, Overseas Members who played for the Nomads, or the Forts, owed their allegiance first to the 
    Service team.</p>

    <h2>SOCIAL ACTIVITIES, 1953-58</h2>

    <p>Between 1953 and 1956 the Melita Hotel played a great part in the social life of the Club. Not only did Overseas players stop at the 
    Melita after a game at Ta' Qali, but at least one successful Club dinner was held there. The only other reported social activity during 
    this period was a combined Overseas/E.R.A. Rugby Ball held at the Phoenicia Hotel. This function was a success with the inevitable rugby 
    posts, made with bamboo and paper, at each end of the ball room, with the respective club colours.</p>

    <p>Between 1956 and 1958 there was almost no social activity. First, the Suez crisis made it impossible for the first half of the 1956/57 
    season, and secondly, perhaps the main reason, was that being by this time virtually a Service team, the Service men had their own organised 
    functions. The Secretary, Jim Osbourne, wrote that he would organise social functions according to demand, and this proved negative. The end 
    of season dinner which was to have been held at the Mocambo Restaurant, St Paul's Bay, on the 2nd March, 1957, was cancelled due to lack of support.</p>

    <h2>OVERSEAS CLUB BADGE</h2>

    <p>Both John Chapman and Mike Phillips speak of a Club blazer badge which was designed by Mike and produced for the</p>

</body>
</html>

