<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN" 
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <head>
    <title>Scanned Page</title>
    <style type="text/css">
      body {
        font-family: serif;
      }
      .center {
        text-align: center;
      }
    </style>
  </head>
  <body>

    <p>that we already had a full programme with other touring sides
    at that time. In answer to a last minute telegram from Overseas
    Team Captain they sent their own telegram which said 'Possibility
    Tournament with visitors and yourselves or armed forces? Visit
    already programmed will arrive 28th (March) evening'. Arrive
    they did. Overseas put out a 13-a-side to play them and although
    Seas beat them 34 points to 12, they played entertaining rugby
    and enjoyed their visit. They lacked the experience of the
    Overseas XV. Provisional arrangements were made for Overseas
    to visit Sicily January, 1976. The referees were organized by
    Mr. D. Snaith, and included in the panel of referees was Mr. D.
    Davis who accompanied the Bedford Athletic party.</p>

    <p class="center"><strong>Dates of Tours and Games Results</strong></p>
    <p class="center">
      Bedford Athletic R.F.C. - 4th March<br />
      Pembroke R.F.C. - 31st March<br />
      Moseley R.F.C.<br />
      Messina Rugby Clan 28th March -<br />
    </p>

    <p>Sun. 2nd Mar Overseas 22 vs Bedford Athletic RFC 15 Marsa<br />
      Mon. 3rd Mar R.A.F. vs Bedford Athletic RFC Safi<br />
      Tue. 4th Mar Mtarfa/Angelo vs Bedford Athletic RFC Safi<br />
      Sat. 29th Mar Overseas 10 vs Pembroke RFC 4 Marsa<br />
      R.A.F. vs Moseley RFC Safi<br />
      Sun. 30th Mar Overseas 16 vs Moseley RFC 21 Marsa<br />
      R.A.F. vs Pembroke RFC Safi<br />
      Mon. 31st Mar Overseas 'B' 34 vs Messina Rugby Clan 12 Marsa<br />
      Wed. 2nd Apr Malta XV 6 vs Moseley RFC 26 Marsa</p>

    <p>In the 1974/75 season Tal Handaq did not have the playing
    strength to provide opposition for the Exiles during the Christmas
    holidays. Two games were arranged, Exiles versus an Overseas 'B'
    Team, for Saturday, 28th December, and Wednesday, 1st January.
    The first ended in a 10 - 10 draw and the second with an easy
    win for the Exiles 26 - 0. Major Ian Robinson, OIC 234 Signal
    Squadron, his son an Exile, together with Dave Taylor for
    Overseas, organized the series.</p>

    <p>At the Annual Dinner Dance on the 19th April, 1975, the
    'Most Improved Player' cup was presented to David Schembri, and
    the 'Young Player of the Year' Cup to Tini Agius-Ferrante. It
    was great satisfaction to the Club that the awards were won by
    Maltese players. It was also a pleasure that David, a regular
    1st team player, was selected to play on occasions for the Malta XV.</p>

    <p>The Marsa was proving to be a popular area for the Maltese
    people on a Sunday afternoon. The main attraction was of course
    the horse racing, but many made use of the playing area where the
    rugger pitches are situated, some I am pleased to say even stopping
    to watch what is a 'foreign' game to them. The National Sports
    Board started to control the use of the area. At the beginning
    of November, 1974, Overseas Members were issued with permit cards
    by the N.S.B. allowing them to use the 'Marsa Sports Club Rugger
    Pitches' and so the Marsa Car parking area by Marsa Lodge. The
    permits were signed by Mr. C. Cauchi, for the N.S.B., and Mr. T.N.
    Ricketts, Overseas General Secretary. For the 1974/75 season no
    serious effort was made to control cars entering the Marsa playing
    area from the Marsa end and these permits were never asked for
    on entry.</p>

  </body>
</html>

