<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN" 
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <title></title>
  <style type="text/css">
    body { font-family: "Times New Roman", Times, serif; }
    .page-number { text-align: right; }
  </style>
</head>
<body>
  <div class="page-number">14</div>
  <p>to provide opposition. It was even mentioned that the little town of Senglea
  would form a team. In May, 1979, the Kuwait Rugby Team had contacted
  Mr. Charles Bezzina, the Minister of Sport, showing interest in a tour to Malta
  in November, 1979. With the visit of the Kuwait Club, Overseas hoped to
  encourage other teams to tour in Malta and so organize a Tournament. The
  Minister of Sport agreed to help, to provide free transport and accommodation
  at reduced prices, as long as Overseas saw to the overall organization. The
  President expressed his belief that, knowing the enthusiasm of Tim Agius-Ferrante,
  George Attard, David Schembri and Charles Borg, there would be good rugby
  during the 1979/80 season.</p>

  <p>Early in the 1979/80 season Overseas players made use of the old R.A.F. gym
  at Luqa for indoor training. With permission from the Minister of Sport, Overseas
  again used the Marsa pitch. The rugby season started for Overseas on the
  20th October with a game against the Armed Forces of Malta (No. 3 Battery) which
  Overseas won by 14 points to nil. Unfortunately, after this game, due to changes
  within the Force itself, the Army could not again field a team. Then the main
  blow fell. On the 25th October, 1979, torrential rain fell on Malta, flooding
  the Marsa pitch and covering it with four or five inches of mud. There was hope
  that with the use of a spiked roller the pitch could be saved, but even so, at
  the time it was not available for matches. The Marsa grounds were expected to be
  out of use for a number of months. Through the kindness of Colonel Spiteri,
  Commanding Officer of the Armed Forces of Malta, the Safi pitch was made
  available for Overseas games. Overseas then played two games against St. Edwards
  College, losing both, the first by 16 points to nil, and even having to borrow
  players from St. Edwards to field a team in the second. The final game played
  by an Overseas XV was over the Christmas (1979) period when they beat a
  Minestrone team by 30 points to 10.</p>

  <p>The Kuwait Rugby Club was unable to tour Malta and so the November
  Tournament had to be cancelled. Of the other potential teams, De la Salle
  College did not play any game against Overseas, and there was no further word
  of Senglea forming a team. Early in the season, a serious injury to one of the
  De la Salle players caused the College to ban rugby. From this it can be seen
  that the main problem for Overseas was lack of opposition, and, as a consequence,
  diminishing interest among the players. It was also found that Safi was remote,
  there were transport difficulties, players failed to turn out, and matches had
  to be cancelled at short notice. One must also remember that, on top of the
  problems of fielding a team, the future of Overseas Club House, the focal point
  for rugby on the Island, hung in the balance.</p>

  <p>The season ended on the 19th April, 1980, when a 7-a-side Tournament, won
  by St. Edwards College, was held at Safi. 5 teams competed, Overseas (2),
  St. Edwards (2), and the Minestrones.</p>
</body>
</html>

