<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
  <title>Page 100</title>
  <style type="text/css">
    body { font-family: serif; }
    .page-number { text-align: right; font-weight: bold; }
    .section { margin-top: 1em; }
  </style>
</head>
<body>
  <div class="page-number">100</div>
  <div>
    McKenzie, and Vice-Captain, Clay Owens. Don's leadership 
    on and off the field was excellent for such a young person.
  </div>
  <div>
    A number of the Juniors played for the Senior side including 
    D. McKenzie, C. Owens, C. Laurie and J. Callens. On the 12th 
    November, 1973, a B Team Selection Committee was formed comprising 
    D. McKenzie, D. Taylor, J. Masuwale and T. Agius Farrante.
  </div>
  <div class="section">
    Fixtures were arranged on a monthly basis by the Joint 
    Services Rugby Committee (JSRC). Previously teams had arranged 
    their own fixtures, but with the small number of resident teams 
    on the Island, the JSRC assured an even distribution of games.
    The duties of the JSRC also included discipline, tours, selection 
    of Malta XVs and entertaining of touring sides. The JSRC had 
    been in existence in Malta for a number of years in one form 
    or another, and one of its main functions had been to control 
    the use of the Service Pitches. The JSRC withheld permission 
    to play on Service Pitches, now only at Safi and Hal Far, and 
    no games were arranged to take place at the Marsa, now under 
    control of the Maltese National Sports Board, until the winter 
    seasonal rain started assuring continuing growth of grass. 
    Overseas was represented on the JSRC by the 1st Team Captain 
    Mr. N. Armstrong, and by the Junior Team Representative, 
    Mr. M. Halliday.
  </div>
  <div class="section">
    During the season two problems arose concerning the Junior 
    team, both of which were resolved to the benefit of Club and 
    players. For the first time the Club had a large number of 
    junior members, 25 in number, one or two as young as 14, and 
    obviously, where functions were concerned, this age group could 
    not mix with adult members. Most of the Juniors were also 
    members of a club called the Junior International Sports 
    Club (JISC), and there was talk of the JISC forming its own 
    rugby team the following year. With the obvious talent 
    amongst junior members, it was in the interest of Overseas 
    to keep them with the Club. From decisions made in Committee, 
    separate functions were arranged for the Juniors, including film 
    evenings, and they were further represented on the Rugby Section 
    Committee, by Mr. J. Masuwale, Junior Team Representative, and 
    Mr. C. Owens, 'B' Team Vice-Captain.
  </div>
  <div class="section">
    During the season, as Secretary of the Rugby Section, 
    I corresponded with Mr. L. Elliott, Secretary of Scarborough 
    R.U.F.C. Colts, making arrangements for the Scarborough Colts 
    to visit Malta during the following New Year. It was hoped 
    to arrange games for them against our Colts and the Exiles. 
    Unfortunately, Scarborough Colts had to start rebuilding 
    their side at the start of the 1974/75 season.
  </div>
  <div class="section">
    The annual fixtures, Tal Handaq School versus the Exiles, 
    took place over the Christmas Holidays. Although it was planned 
    in Committee otherwise, the games were organized by the youths 
    themselves and were extremely successful. Both games were won 
    by the Exiles, the first by 27 points to 19, and the second 
    by 11 points to 10.
  </div>
  <div class="section">
    Four touring sides were arranged by the Services; three 
    were Welsh, namely, Ynysdu R.F.C., Hirwaun R.F.C. and Cardiff 
    H.S.O.B., and the English team Canterbury R.F.C. The four 
    parties were accommodated at Salina Bay Hotel at their own 
    expense. Arrangements were made for each of the visiting teams 
    to be hosted by a different home team. Unfortunately, the team 
    which Overseas were asked to host and play against, Hirwaun 
    R.F.C., cancelled their tour. This meant that Overseas.
  </div>
</body>
</html>

