<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN" 
    "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
<head>
    <title>Officials Leaving Malta</title>
    <style type="text/css">
        body {
            font-family: "Times New Roman", Times, serif;
            margin: 2em;
        }
        .page-number {
            text-align: right;
            font-size: small;
        }
        .centered {
            text-align: center;
            font-weight: bold;
            margin: 2em 0;
        }
    </style>
</head>
<body>
    <div class="page-number">38</div>
    <p>dated the 6th March, 1961, Overseas Secretary, Mr. C.V. Morris, said that social events arranged during the season included an Overseas dance and a Combined Overseas, Forts and Nomads R.F.C.'s dance. I assume that the combined dance mentioned was that held on the 28th January, which was an unqualified success.</p>

    <p>Mr. J. George, Hon. Social Secretary, resigned on the 29th March, 1961, prior to leaving Malta. He was succeeded by Mr. J.C. Griffiths who made strenuous efforts to put Overseas on a good social footing during the summer months. The Club House was kept open on Thursday evenings throughout the close season with fortnightly functions arranged. John Griffiths himself left Malta in July, 1961. </p>

    <div class="centered">OFFICIALS LEAVING MALTA</div>

    <p>In July, 1961, two members who had been part of the Social life of Overseas for three years, Bill and May Polkinghorne, left Malta. Both gave unstintingly in time and effort. Bill had been Hon. Treasurer for 3 years 1958-61, Club House/Bar Manager 1958/59, and in spite of having previously hung up his boots once or twice, he was the regular full back for Overseas in 1958/59. Bill had previously been a playing member of Overseas between 1950-53. May had been on the Social Committee in 1958/59 and again in 1960/61, and was the last Lady Committee Member to be elected at the A.G.M.</p>

    <p>John George left Malta in August, 1961, after being Social Secretary in 1958/59 and again in 1960/61. In 1958/59 he organized events with very little financial backing and on this score he must have found it easier in 1960/61. John was an invaluable member of any Committee and his support and advice was welcomed by three Hon. Secretaries. He organized much of the printing required by Overseas between 1958-61. </p>
</body>
</html>

