<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN" 
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
    <title>Tour Report</title>
    <style type="text/css">
        body {
            font-family: "Times New Roman", Times, serif;
        }
        .page-number {
            text-align: right;
        }
        .content {
            margin: 20px;
        }
    </style>
</head>
<body>
    <div class="page-number">9</div>
    <div class="content">
        <p>There were problems, such as accommodation and the type of pitches, but they were all taken with a great sense of humour, and a grand time was had by all the touring party. If space allowed, I would quote Dave Schembri's report in full, it is a masterpiece of fact and humour. A good report, already commented on, was written in the Times by 'a correspondent' whose name was unknown to me, but I am told he was one of the Commandos.</p>

        <p>There were problems, as expected under the circumstances, of getting sufficient players to travel, but on the final count 16 players made up the touring party, 11 Servicemen and 5 civilians. They were ably led (perhaps astray according to Dave's own report) by Dave Schembri (Captain) and Derek Holt (Vice-Captain). It was a great effort by Dave Schembri, Derek Holt, Charlie Borda and Francis Roberts, and of course the whole Overseas Committee.</p>

        <p>The party travelled to Catania by the ferry 'Malta Express' and from there by train to Milazzo, which was to be their base whilst on tour, and where they were to meet their first opponents, Sicilflora Rugby Club. Signore Santino Cordraro, who was the main liaison man between the two clubs, had met them at Catania. The team was divided into groups and accommodated in three different houses, including one belonging to Signore Franco DeBartollo, the Milazzo President.</p>

        <p>The first game, against Sicilflora, was played on the afternoon of Thursday, 1st March, on a pitch, if one can call it that, consisting of grit and volcanic ash with large stones showing through. On first seeing this pitch, the players must have been as horrified as were the players of the previous Overseas team to visit Sicily in January, 1968 (Page 67 of The History of the Club). The posts consisted of metal T.V. poles. The opposition proved to be a weak side, with little knowledge of the game, and it was one-sided in 'Seas' favour. Overseas won the game 54 points to nil.</p>

        <p>The tourists had two days for sightseeing and the main feature seemed to be a trip by hydrofoil to the volcanic island of Lipari, a distance of 10/15 miles. A worthwhile trip as the place was very beautiful.</p>

        <p>The second match was against Clan Rugby Club of Messina at 0830 hours on Sunday, 4th March. This early start was caused by the problem of the Club having to share a pitch with a local football side who refused to let them use it on the Saturday afternoon as originally planned. Overseas had to be at Catania at 1200 hours the same day to catch the return ferry to Malta, and so, by the time the posts had been installed, there was only time for 'halves' of 25 and 20 minutes. It proved altogether a different match, although played on the same type of gritty surface, for Clan Rugby Club were a bigger and better organised side than Sicilflora. For the most part the game was fairly even but the home side eventually won 16-6.</p>

        <p>Sicilflora 0 Overseas 54<br/>
        Clan 16 " 6</p>

        <p>Touring Party: D. Schembri (Captain), D. Holt (Vice-Captain), N. Revert, C. Borda, D. Evans, J. Rundle, F. Roberts, A. Muckle, S. Mitchell, M. Buffins, I. Jackson, T. Worth, M. Sturgeon, C. Dickens, N. Caruana, M. Hammond.</p>
    </div>
</body>
</html>

