<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN" 
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
    <title>1964/65 Season</title>
    <style type="text/css">
        body { font-family: monospace; }
        h1 { text-align: center; }
        .committee-list, .social-committee, .club-bar-committee, .service-representatives { margin-left: 2em; }
        .section-title { text-align: center; margin-top: 1em; font-weight: bold; }
        .bold-text { font-weight: bold; }
    </style>
</head>
<body>
    <h1>1964/65</h1>
    <p>Annual General Meeting, Marsa Lodge, 15th October, 1964.</p>
    <p>The Following Officials were elected.</p>

    <div class="committee-list">
        <p><span class="bold-text">President</span> Mr. J.A. Sharp<br/>
           <span class="bold-text">Vice-Presidents</span> Mr. N. Johnson<br/>
           Mr. G.G. Jackson<br/>
           Mr. J.P. Ratcliffe<br/>
           Mr. L. Duncan<br/>
           Mr. J.D. Green<br/>
           Mr. C.V. Morris<br/>
           <span class="bold-text">Hon. Secretary</span> Mr. A.D. Clark<br/>
           <span class="bold-text">Hon. Treasurer</span> Mr. A.D. Clark<br/>
           <span class="bold-text">Hon. Fixture Secretary</span> Mr. P. Garnons-Williams<br/>
           <span class="bold-text">Hon. Social Secretary</span> Mr. D. Henry<br/>
           <span class="bold-text">Club Bar Manager</span> Mr. R. McGillivray<br/>
           <span class="bold-text">Team Captain and Hon. Team Secretary</span> Mr. J.H. Handford<br/>
           <span class="bold-text">Team Trainer</span> Mr. R. Fuller<br/>
           <span class="bold-text">Student Representative</span> Mr. I. O'Brien<br/>
           <span class="bold-text">Inter Service Representatives on Bar Committee</span></p>
    </div>

    <p>Lt. Cdr. J.S. Partington, R.N.<br/>
       Fl. Lt. L.M.C. Amor, R.A.F.<br/>
       Major J.W.S. Dominy, ARMY</p>

    <div class="social-committee">
        <p>Social Committee<br/>
           Messrs D. Henry(Secretary),<br/>
           E. Platt, J. Why, R. Daley<br/>
           and Fl. Lt. L.M.C. Amor</p>
    </div>

    <div class="club-bar-committee">
        <p>Club Bar Committee<br/>
           Messrs R. McGillivray(Manager)<br/>
           P. Garnons-Williams, Taylor,<br/>
           J.A. Sharp, C.V. Morris and<br/>
           Lt. J. Cook</p>
    </div>

    <div class="service-representatives">
        <p>Service Representatives attending meeting to submit Bar Account, held on the 29th April, 1965, for playing season, 1st September, 1964 to 31st March, 1965.</p>
    <p>C.P.O. P. Cantello, R.N.<br/>
       S/Ldr. Perkins, R.A.F.<br/>
       Lt. J. Cook, Army</p>
    </div>

    <div class="section-title">PLAYING SEASON</div>
    <p>The 1964/65 season started off with two trial matches, the normal Overseas start of the season Trial Match and a Demonstration/Teaching Match under the new rules coming into force that season. This season the Overseas Trial Match was held at Ta' Qali, versus R.A.F. Luqa, on the 31st October, 1964. The Demonstration Match was organized by the Army (Malta) R.F.U. and all arrangements were made by their Hon. Secretary, Major J.W.S. Dominy. Overseas were invited to attend. The Team Captains of all invited Clubs forwarded the names of 5 players and from these names two XVs were selected and two Captains nominated. Overseas was represented by Messrs. J. Handford, J. Why, P. Henshall, D. Henry and I. O'Brien. The Malta Rugby Referees Panel appointed four referees to take this match and thereby gave the referees an opportunity to try their hand under the new laws. The Demonstration Match was held at the Marsa on the 7th November, 1964.</p>
    <p>From the 1st October, 1964, each Thursday evening during the playing season, training facilities were made available at Tal Handaq School gymnasium when John Bowen, the school senior</p>

</body>
</html>

