<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN" 
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <head>
    <title>Club Page</title>
  </head>
  <body>
    <div>
      <p style="text-align: right;">152</p>
      <p>Member of Club, 1960-78<span style="float: right;">18 years</span><br />
      Vice-President, 1969-78 <span style="float: right;">9 years</span><br />
      Hon. Secretary, 1968/69 <br />
      Acting Hon. Secretary, 1967/68 (from May, 1968) <br />
      Fixture Secretary, 1960/61 and 1968/69 <span style="float: right;">2 years</span><br />
      Selection Committee (Rugby) 1969-71 <span style="float: right;">3 years</span><br />
      Social Committee, 1962-64 and 1972/73 <span style="float: right;">3 years</span><br />
      Player, 1952/53 and 1966/67. Possibly also between 1960 and 1962.<br />
      Also served on Committee when British presence temporarily withdrew from Malta, January, 1972, and on Steering Committee which was formed for the reformation of the Club, July, 1972. Frank took care of Secretary's books during this period.</p>

      <h2 style="text-align: center;">Jack Sharp</h2>

      <p>Our President, Trevor Ricketts, aptly described Jack Sharp as the father figure of the Club. How true. Jack has taken such an active part in running the Club for so long that it is difficult to imagine the Club being without his always available advice and 'know-how'. No one has done more for the Club than Jack. For the Club's sake, it is unfortunate that Jack is retiring in June this year, and although not certain of his movements, will perhaps find it impossible to take on a permanent office in what is surely the most difficult year in the Club's history. Having said this, all his many friends wish him and his wife Dorothy all happiness and good health in the future, and thank them both for what they have readily given to the Club over the years, and perhaps more so for personal friendship and kindness.</p>

      <p>Although I have listed below many of the offices undertaken by Jack, it is impossible to name the many diverse ways he has helped the Club. It is impossible to overestimate his contact with the Maltese Ministry, particularly the Minister of Sport, on the Club's behalf, for the very many times he has acted as host to Overseas Committees, Members and other functions, his direct contact with the Colleges appertaining to rugby participation, and not least for providing all the necessities for Film Evenings at the Club House.</p>

      <p>Member of Club, 1961/62 <span style="float: right;">to date - 17 years</span><br />
      Elected Hon. Life Member, 1967<br />
      President, 1962-66 <span style="float: right;">4 years</span><br />
      Vice-President, 1961/62 and 1972-78 <span style="float: right;">7 years</span><br />
      Chairman, Rugby Section, 1973-78 <span style="float: right;">5 years</span><br />
      Organized Exiles vs Tal Handaq Christmas holiday matches, 1962-68 <span style="float: right;">6 years</span><br />
      Selection Committee (Cricket) 1977-78 <span style="float: right;">2 years</span><br />
      Co Tours Secretary (Rugby) 1976-78 <span style="float: right;">2 years</span><br />
      Served on Social and Bar Committees on a number of occasions</p>

      <p>Served on Committee when Club temporarily disbanded when British presence withdrew from Malta, January, 1972, and on Steering Committee which was formed for the reformation of the Club, July, 1972. On Steering Committee for Run-Down of Club, 1976-78 2 years</p>
    </div>
  </body>
</html>

