<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" lang="en">
<head>
    <title>Tour to Messina</title>
    <style>
        body { font-family: serif; margin: 2em; }
        h1 { text-align: center; }
        .sub-committee {
            margin-top: 1em;
            margin-bottom: 2em;
        }
        .sub-committee li {
            list-style-type: none;
            margin-top: 0.5em;
        }
        .sub-committee .role {
            display: inline-block;
            width: 150px;
        }
        .sub-committee .name {
            display: inline-block;
        }
    </style>
</head>
<body>
    <div class="content">
        <h1>Tour to Messina</h1>
        <p>
            The Tour to Messina was arranged as a result of an
            article in 'Rugby World' describing the 'Penguins' tour to
            Malta in May the previous year. On reading this article the
            Secretary of Messina University Rugby Club, or to be correct,
            Centro Universitario Sportivo, Messina, Sicily, wrote to
            Overseas suggesting we visit Messina, and that they pay a 
            return visit at a later date. The Centro Universitario
            Sportivo, known as CUS, had initially thought we were a
            Maltese Club. The Tour was agreed to, and on the 7th
            December, 1967, a Sub-Committee was formed to make
            arrangements.
        </p>

        <div class="sub-committee">
            <p>Tour Sub-Committee</p>
            <ul>
                <li><span class="role">Chairman</span> <span class="name">J.P. Ratcliffe</span></li>
                <li><span class="role">Secretary</span> <span class="name">N.C. Morgan</span></li>
                <li><span class="role">Team Captain and</span> <span class="name">B.S. Jackson</span></li>
                <li><span class="role">Team Secretary</span></li>
                <li><span class="role">Committee Member</span> <span class="name">T.N. Ricketts</span></li>
            </ul>
        </div>

        <p>
            The Tour to Messina took place between the 1st and 5th
            January, 1968. For the crossing from Malta to Syracuse on board
            the Citta di Alessandria we had booked an 18 berth dormitory,
            just about the size of an average cabin, plus a 3 or 4 berth
            cabin. We had a bus waiting on the quayside to transport us
            the 93 miles to Messina where we were met at the Central
            Station by the CUS Secretary, Pino di Lorenzo. The hospitality
            of the Sicilians was tremendous. As guests in Student House, or
            Casa dello Studente, each member of our party had an individual
            bed sitter. Being the Christmas holiday period, all the
            students and staff were away on holiday, and so we were fed,
            at CUS expense, at a nearby cafe. At most meals we were
            joined by the CUS Secretary, or the CUS President, Piero
            Jacai. For one meal we were joined by the whole Sicilian
            team. On this occasion, helped by a liberal amount of wine,
            we finished the meal by singing rugby songs, English and
            Italian. Neither team understood the other team's songs, but
            if Italian rugby songs are like English rugby songs, and the
            'entente cordiale' was such that it seemed certain they were,
            then I don't know why we were not thrown out of the cafe.
            However, everyone, including staff and passers-by enjoyed
            themselves.
        </p>

        <p>
            In the evening of the first day we were entertained by
            Members of the University Rugby Club at their Club House,
            where we were presented with a Sicilian Carroza and plied
            with Asti Spumante and cake. The following morning we were
            given a pleasant reception at the main Messina University
            by the Rector, Il Magnifico Rettore, Professor Salvatore
            Pugliatti. All Overseas Members were given a commemorative
            medallion. The 4th January, being a free day, we went by bus
            with most of our hosts to Taormina.
        </p>

        <p>
            The CUS rugby pitch, if one can describe it as such, was
            within the walls of the old 'Cittadella', which is situated
            near the harbour. The 'pitch' is best described in the Team
            Captain's words.
        </p>
    </div>
</body>
</html>

