<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN" 
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
    <title>1963/64 Annual Report</title>
    <style type="text/css">
        body { font-family: "Times New Roman", serif; }
        h1, h2 { text-align: center; }
        pre { font-family: "Courier New", monospace; }
    </style>
</head>
<body>

<h1>1963/64</h1>

<pre>
Annual General Meeting, Marsa Lodge, 17th October, 1963.
The Following Officials were elected:-

    President               Mr. J.A. Sharp
    Vice-President          Mr. N. Johnson
    Hon. Secretary          Mr. C.V. Morris
    Hon. Treasurer          Mr. C. Mayl
    Hon. Fixture Secretary  Mr. P. Garnons-Williams
    Hon. Social Secretary   Mr. E. Battye
    Club Bar Manager        Mr. P. Whitehead
    Team Captain and        Mr. J. Handford
    Hon. Team Secretary
    Team Trainer            Mr. R. Fuller
    Student Representative  Mr. T.R. Brown
    Inter Service Representatives
    on Bar Committee        Lt. Cdr. J. Young, R.N.
                            Flt. Lt. R. Wilson, R.A.F.
                            Capt. D. Frost, Army

    Social Committee        Messrs E. Battye (Secretary),
                            W. Brown, H. Griffiths,
                            F. Kitson, P. Parker, V. Gentry,
                            R. Fuller, P. Whitehouse,
                            N. Johnson, H. Hitchcock and
                            E. Lewis.

    Club Bar Committee      Messrs. P. Whitehead (Manager)
                            R. McGillivray, W. Brown,
                            T. Davies, J. Sharp, J. Downie,
                            V. Jones and F. Chapelle.

Service Representatives attending meeting to submit Bar
Account, held on the 23rd April, 1964, for playing
season, 1st September, 1963, to 31st March, 1964.

    Lt. Cdr. G. Partington, R.N.
    Flt. Lt. R. Wilson      R.A.F.
    Capt. S. Wallis         ARMY

                                      
                                    PLAYING SEASON

1963/64 was a season of mixed fortunes. Overseas
started on a bright note defeating D.E.R.R. Wanderers by
14 points to 3, but this proved to be the only Saturday
win of the season. Starting in January, five Sunday games
were arranged which made it possible to play Overseas players
otherwise committed on a Saturday (Service Teams) with the
result that a more balanced team could be fielded. This
produced a much higher standard of rugby. Three of the Sunday
games ended in wins.

The highlight of the season was without doubt the tour of
the Combined Services side (Army and R.A.F.) from Tripoli,
N. Africa. This tour was arranged by the Combined Services
(Malta) although Overseas was represented on the Working Sub-
Committee, which made arrangements for accommodation, transport
and entertainment for the touring side, by Mr. C.V. Morris (Hon.
Secretary) and Mr. E. Battye (Hon. Social Secretary). Four
games were arranged for the tourists, namely against the R.N.,
the Army, the R.A.F., and the Overseas Club, all played at
the Stadium, Marsa. For the game against the Overseas on the
14th December, 1963, we were honoured by the attendance of His
</pre>

</body>
</html>

