<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html 
    PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN" 
    "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
<head>
    <title>Annual General Meeting 1967/68</title>
    <meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0"/>
    <style type="text/css">
        body {
            font-family: "Courier New", Courier, monospace;
            white-space: pre-wrap;
        }
        .title {
            text-align: center;
        }
    </style>
</head>
<body>

<div class="title">
    1967/68
</div>

<p>Annual General Meeting, 11th September, 1967.</p>

<p>The following Officials were elected:</p>

<pre>
President                      Mr. J.P. Ratcliffe
Vice-Presidents                Mr. N. Johnson
                              Mr. L. Duncan
                              Mr. J.D. Green
                              Mr. W. Woodley

Hon. Secretary and             Mr. N.C. Morgan
Hon. Fixture Secretary        
Hon. Treasurer                 Mr. R. Ravenscroft
Hon. Social Secretary          Mr. P. Parker
Club Bar Manager               Mr. B.S. Jackson
Team Captain and               Mr. B.S. Jackson
Hon. Team Secretary
Team Vice-Captain              Mr. J.H. Handford
Team Trainer                   Mr. A. Cross
Student Representative         Mr. A. Wilde
Selection Committee            Messrs. B.S. Jackson, 
                               J.H. Handford and J.P. Ratcliffe

Inter Service Representatives  Lt. Cdr. D. Brooks  R.N.
  on Bar Committee             Fl. Lt. C.A. O'Regan  R.A.F.
                               Capt. M. Adams  Army

Social Committee               Messrs. P. Parker (Secretary);
                               B.S. Jackson, E. Lewis, T. Savage 
                               and H. Harris.

Club Bar Helpers               Messrs. B.S. Jackson (Manager)
                               P. Parker, N.C. Morgan, T. Lathom, 
                               A. Cross, T. Savage, W. Earnshaw, 
                               W. Knight, P. Henshall, J. Woodrow 
                               and K. Small.
</pre>

<p>Inter Service Representatives attending Extra-ordinary General Meeting held on the 23rd May, 1968 at Marsa Lodge, which discussed, and ceased, payment of 50% of Bar profits to the three Services:</p>

<pre>
     Lt. Cdr. D. Brooks  R.N.
     F.O. L.C.V. Hill  R.A.F.
     Capt. M. Adams  Army
</pre>

<p>The President, Mr. J.P. Ratcliffe, pointed out that although the rules stated that the A.G.M. be held in October, the present A.G.M. was being held earlier, as was intended by the previous amendment, concerning the ending of the financial year, carried at the A.G.M. 1966. The President asked members to accept this and that a resolution to alter the rules would be proposed at this A.G.M. Having the A.G.M. in September, instead of October, allowed the Team Captain, elected at the A.G.M., to start training earlier.</p>

<p>The following resolution to amend Rule 9 was proposed and passed:</p>

<pre>
 'Annual General Meeting to be held in September, and an Extra-ordinary Meeting to be held in April for submission of the playing season bar account to members and Joint Service Rugby Representatives. The financial year to end on the 31st March.'
</pre>

</body>
</html>

