<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <head>
    <title>Scanned Page</title>
  </head>
  <body>
    <p>and Bar could be better organized by the Overseas in view of their Social and Bar Committee organization. Needless to say, the Overseas Committee accepted the kind offer. At the same meeting it was decided that the running of the Bar should be undertaken by a joint Bar Committee of Overseas and Nomads. Messrs. B. Headland (Nomads) and S. Ward (R. Sigs) were elected as Associate Members of the Club House Committee to supervise Club Bar, particularly for mid week games. It was agreed that all money from Bar sales should be handed to the Hon. Treasurer and put into the Overseas account in Barclays. The first Bar Manager was Mr. T. Goswell.</p>

    <p>The Marsa Lodge was to be 'home' for Overseas for 11½ years, in fact until the British Forces withdrawal in January 1972. The formal opening of the Club House was on the 3rd December, 1960, when H.M.S. Ausonia beat Overseas 17 - 0 in a practice game. The situation was ideal - a Club House within the playing area. As Vivian Morris printed in a rugby news letter dated the 6th March, 1961, the Club House quickly became the rugger centre on the island. The Club House consisted of a large Bar room and an equally large second room normally closed off from the Bar room by a sliding partition. This second room was used on occasions for dances and many other types of functions. On two sides of the building were changing rooms and showers which Overseas teams could use on request. It was decided that the Club House would be opened on a Saturday or Sunday afternoon after an Overseas game at the Marsa, and on request by one of the Service teams during the week, normally on a Wednesday. During the first season the normal Club Night was on a Wednesday evening when many functions were arranged to make it popular and going concern. From the second season onwards the normal Club Night was on a Thursday evening. The Nomads also held functions separately or in conjunction with the Overseas.</p>

    <p>The Maltese caretaker, 'George', was an army pensioner who lived in a small cottage behind the Club House. The Overseas 'inherited' George with the Club buildings and he soon became part of the Overseas. It was a little difficult to communicate because of language problems but we managed. The Overseas Committee paid him £1 a week to clean the Club rooms. In January, 1965, this was raised to £2 a week. After a game George was always there clearing glasses away from which he earned the princely sum of 2/6d. George was 'retired' by the army in October, 1967, and consequently he was forced to vacate his cottage and so he had to leave us.</p>

    <p>On the 16th December, 1960, Tony Goswell resigned as Bar Manager. As a Flying Officer in the R.A.F. his duties often took him away from Malta. Mr. D. Isted became the New Bar Manager.</p>

    <p>Novel methods were used to decorate the Club rooms. On the 3rd February, 1961, Capt. J.C. Griffiths, R.A.O.C., on behalf of the Club, wrote to approximately 36 well known rugby clubs in U.K., including Twickenham and Murrayfield, asking for any old rugby posters advertising matches to decorate the club room walls and give them a rugby flavour. I do not know what success he had. John Griffiths was co-opted onto the Bar Committee on the 1st February, 1961. At a Club dance held at the Marsa Lodge on the 28th January, 1961, the walls were gaily decorated with rugger jerseys of various teams on the island.</p>
  </body>
</html>

