<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
    "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">

<head>
    <title>Page 63</title>
    <style type="text/css">
        body {
            font-family: sans-serif;
        }
        .section-title {
            margin-top: 1em;
            font-weight: bold;
        }
        .quote {
            margin-left: 2em;
            font-style: italic;
        }
    </style>
</head>

<body>

<p>The sponge. They ran onto the field as soon as they saw a body lying on the ground writhing in agony, only to find, that by the time they reached the spot, the body was back in the scrum. I say humorous, there is always a touch of humour about the magic sponge. This is not forgetting the gratitude the Club felt for the St. John Ambulance Association and the members, male and female, who so kindly turned out giving up their own time.</p>

<p>Once again, during the 1966/67 season, the Club tried to interest Maltese youth in the game of Rugby. A letter was written to the Hon. Secretary, Malta Secondary Schools Association asking him to circulate to all schools within his jurisdiction informing them that the Overseas Rugby Club would like to encourage the Maltese to play and asking anyone interested to get in touch with the Overseas Hon. Secretary. Unfortunately, there was no response.</p>

<p class="section-title">PLAYING RECORD FOR 1966/67</p>
<p>P26 - W15 - L10 - D1 Points for 351 Against 216</p>

<p class="section-title">SOCIAL EVENTS 1966/67</p>
<p>David Agar, Hon. Social Secretary, very quietly and very efficiently organised a highly successful social programme during the 1966/67 season. David left Malta at short notice during the summer of 1967 leaving no record of events. I do not think that the Club President, Mr. Peter Ratcliffe, will mind me quoting from his address.</p>

<p class="quote">"Our Social life, 1966/67, was left in the very capable hands of David Agar. Everyone will agree I know that David did a splendid job in organising our Film evenings - for which of course, we are permanently grateful to Jack Sharp, as well as for his continued interest and support. David also organised an excellent Cocktail Party at the Naval Base Officer's Club on the 30th January, 1967, when we acted as hosts to the other clubs, another cockers for the Penguins, for which Mr. and Mrs. Bill Woodley kindly lent us their splendid residence in Dockyard Terrace, several Hot-pots, including one when the Penguins were here, and finally the Annual Dinner Dance which went with a zip and at which I set a personal record in remaining almost sober for a change and not losing my specs. a splendid job by David."</p>

<p>The Annual Dinner Dance was held at the United Services Sports Club on Saturday, 29th April, 1967. Once again Hitty was Master of Ceremonies.</p>

<p>Brian Jackson took on the double role of Club Captain and Bar Manager and did the two jobs with a maximum of efficiency and a minimum of flap. One must also mention George Jackson, another character of this era. It was a little difficult to carry on a conversation with George as he had a strange dialect from north of the border and was slightly deaf. Nevertheless, nothing was too much trouble for George and Dorothy Jackson to do for the Club. Their son, Brian, as a pupil at SCS Tal Handaq, has already been mentioned under Playing Season. Finally, David Agar and Bill Woodley, by their efforts on the Social side, helped to make the Penguins Tour a success. The Club House remained open during the close season 1967.</p>

</body>

</html>

