<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html 
    PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
    "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
    <title>Soccer Report 1977/78</title>
</head>
<body>
    <h1 style="text-align: center;">OVERSEAS SOCCER SECTION<br />
    Results 1977/78</h1>
    
    <h2>Major League - 'Corinthians'</h2>
    <p>P12 - W8 - D1 - L3 &nbsp;&nbsp; Goals for 44 &nbsp;&nbsp; Against 29 &nbsp;&nbsp; Points 17</p>
    <p>Overseas 2nd in Major League<br />
    Leading scorers: &nbsp; J. Bonner 16; D. Smith 9; J. Russell 5;<br />
    A. Madge 5; D. Bonnar 3; T. Cummin 3</p>
    
    <h2>Minor League - 'Overseas'</h2>
    <p>Overseas results not complete<br />
    P13 - W1 - D2 - L10 &nbsp;&nbsp; Goals for 20 &nbsp;&nbsp; Against 43 &nbsp;&nbsp; Points 4<br />
    (5 matches to play)</p>
    
    <p>Major League Winners &nbsp;&nbsp; R.A.F. 'A'<br />
    Minor League Winners &nbsp;&nbsp; Eng. Wing</p>

    <h2>SOCCER SECTION<br />
    PLAYERS - PAST AND PRESENT</h2>
    <p>by Jeff Bonner</p>
    
    <p>In all probability this will be the last season for the Soccer Section, and before giving detailed report on 1977/78, I would like to comment briefly on its history.</p>
    
    <p>As far as the Soccer Team is concerned it would be most inappropriate to mention only the Overseas for it has only borne that name since the expansion of the Rugby Club in 1973. Prior to that it played under the name of the United Kingdom Based Civilians Football Club (U.K.B.C.), which was founded about 1963. Unfortunately, we know very little of the early days although reliable sources believe that it was a strong and successful team. In the period 1966-70 the team was drawn from various sources. They included Mike Upton, George Hepplestone, Rex Watson, Charlie Rice and Peter Miller from the University of Malta, Phil Dobson from Dingli Wireless Transmitting Station, John Whitehead, a local businessman and Mike Roberts and Trevor Ricketts representing the teachers who have always figured prominently in the team. In 1968 Trevor Ricketts, then playing on the right-wing was elected Chairman and has held the distinction of remaining in that position since that time.</p>
    
    <p>The period 1970-74 was the most successful in the Club's history with victories in the Inter-Services 6 a-side Competition, the Minor League, the Minor League Cup and consistently high placing in the Major League with the newly formed Corinthians Team. The Captains during this run were Mike Upton, Dennis Locke and Jim Glover and several talented and colourful characters had now appeared in the team. In goal we were served very well by Mike Upton, Ralph Daley and Trevor Ricketts respectively. Defenders included the evergreen Phil Dobson, John Williams, Pete Joerns, Bob Tisdale and Mike Novak - the ultimate deterrent, who was guaranteed to stop anything that moved. With such a strong defence behind them, our midfield players were able to use their considerable talents to the full, among them Dennis Locke and Jim Glover, both skilful and excellent Captains, Eddie Pearson and Charlie Rice. Up front John Whitehead and Gorry...</p>
</body>
</html>

