<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
    <title>Rugby Section 1974/75</title>
    <style type="text/css">
        body { font-family: sans-serif; }
        .title { text-align: center; font-weight: bold; }
        .subtitle { text-align: center; }
        .positions, .officials, .text { margin: 20px; }
        .officials { margin-left: 40px; }
        .persons { margin-left: 60px; }
    </style>
</head>
<body>

    <div class="title">RUGBY SECTION 1974/75</div>

    <div class="subtitle">
        Annual General Meeting, Club House, 21, Flagstone Wharf,<br />
        Marsa, 19th September, 1974.
    </div>

    <div class="positions">
        <p>The following Officials were elected:</p>
    </div>

    <div class="officials">
        <p>Chairman</p>
        <div class="persons">Mr. J. Sharp</div>
        <p>Hon. Secretary</p>
        <div class="persons">Mr. N.C. Morgan</div>
        <p>Hon. Treasurer</p>
        <div class="persons">Mr. D. Taylor</div>
        <p>Hon. Social Secretary</p>
        <div class="persons">Office remained to be filled. Mr. P. Joerning accepted office on the 8th October, 1974.</div>
        <p>Tours Secretary</p>
        <div class="persons">Mr. J. Glover</div>
        <p>Team Captain</p>
        <div class="persons">Mr. N. Armstrong</div>
        <p>Vice-Captain</p>
        <div class="persons">Mr. P. Joerning</div>
        <p>'B' Team Captain</p>
        <div class="persons">Mr. T. Agius-Ferrante</div>
        <p>Selection Committee</p>
        <div class="persons">Messrs. N. Armstrong; P. Joerning and J. Hodgeon</div>
        <p>Student Member</p>
        <div class="persons">Office remained to be filled</div>
        <p>Junior Member</p>
        <div class="persons">Mr. J. Masuwale</div>
        <p>Representative</p>
        <div class="persons">Mr. D. Snaith</div>
        <p>Ground Manager</p>
        <div class="persons">Mr. D. Snaith</div>
        <p>First Aid Man/Trainer</p>
        <div class="persons">Mr. J. Hodgeon</div>
    </div>

    <div class="text">
        <p>
            Mr. N. Armstrong, Team Captain, described 1974/75 as a very successful season, as a Club we had a high percentage of players 
            selected for the Malta XVs against touring sides. Again we ran two teams with most of the 1st and 'B' Team games taking place 
            on Sundays and Saturdays respectively. Field training for the season, on the traditional Thursday evenings, started on the 
            24th September continuing until the evenings darkened earlier. Fitness training then took over, under the instruction of John 
            Hodgeon, in Tal Handaq Gymnasium. The first games were at Marsa on the 12th October, 'B' Team vs H.M.S. Ark Royal Colts, 
            and on the 13th October, 1st team vs H.M.S. Hampshire. Both comfortable wins for Overseas. Throughout the season 1st team 
            opposition proved difficult to obtain, the already difficult situation of shortage of local teams being worsened by the fact 
            that 41 Commando Unit was temporarily serving in Cyprus. Of the 15 games played by the 1st team only 4 were against local opposition, 
            and this included playing R.A.F. 'A' 3 times. The other local opposition, being: (79 Kitklee) Battery. 'B' Team opposition was 
            easier to find, 7 out of 16 games being against local opposition. For the first time, at least since Overseas started entering the 
            competition in 1961/62, and excepting for 1971/72 during the withdrawal, the Inter Service 7's were not held. This was mainly 
            because the army rugby was disorganized due to 41 Cdo serving in Cyprus.
        </p>

        <p>
            The 'B' team, ably lead by Tim Agius-Ferrante, again gave a good account of itself, but how the make up of the team had changed! 
            During the previous season (1973/74) the Club had 25 Student Members, mostly from S.C.S. Tal Handaq, who, strengthened by a number 
            of older and more experienced players, had formed the 'B' team. In 1974/75 only one Student Member remained, most of the other had 
            returned to the U.K., and the 'B' team took on a different complex. The main strength came from the staff of Tal Handaq and local 
            U.K. Servicemen, but to the great pleasure of the Overseas Committee, a number of Maltese, one or two quite experienced, showed an 
            interest in playing and learning the game. A great deal of credit for this must go to the 'B' team Captain, Tim Agius-Ferrante, 
            himself an ex Head Boy of Tal Handaq, to Marcel Cassar and David Schembri, also to the comradeship which was built.
        </p>
    </div>

</body>
</html>

