<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN" 
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <head>
    <title>Acknowledgements</title>
    <style>
      body {
        font-family: "Courier New", monospace;
        white-space: pre-wrap;
      }
      .header {
        text-align: center;
        font-weight: bold;
      }
      .underline {
        text-decoration: underline;
      }
      .members, .non-members {
        margin-top: 20px;
      }
    </style>
  </head>
  <body>
    <div class="header">ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS</div>
    <p>The Following gave invaluable help by providing information<br />
    and/or photographs for this history. Period of their membership<br />
    of Overseas is given on left with second date omitted if they<br />
    are still active members.</p>
    
    <div class="members">
      <span class="underline">MEMBERS</span><br />
      1946-1949 Mr T.R. Lewis <span class="underline">Founder Member</span><br />
      1946-1948 Lt. Cdr. R. Meredith, R.N.(Rtd.) <span class="underline">Founder Member</span><br />
      1947-1956 Cdr. E. Hamilton-Hill, R.N.(Rtd.)<br />
      1947-1951 Mr. G. Holt<br />
      1948-1952 Mr &amp; Mrs F. Burch<br />
      1948-1952 Lt. Cdr. W.M. Wren, R.N.(Rtd.)<br />
      1948-1952 Mr. J. Gray<br />
      1949-1951 Admiral Sir Terence Lewin, First Sea Lord<br />
      1949-1951 Capt. J. Asbury, R.N.(Rtd.)<br />
      1950-1953 Mr H.W. Polkinghorne<br />
      1953-1956 Mr. W. Phillips<br />
      1953-1956 Mr. J. Chapman<br />
      1959-1962 Mr. D. Isted<br />
      1961- Mr J.A. Sharp <span class="underline">Life Member</span><br />
      1962-1970 Mr J.P. Ratcliffe<br />
      1962-1976 Mr. J. Handford<br />
      1964-1967 Mr. E.W. Platt<br />
      1964-1970 Mr. B.S. Jackson<br />
      1967- Mr. T.N. Ricketts <span class="underline">Life Member</span><br />
      1970-1971 Cdr. M. Pearey, R.N.<br />
      1970- Mr. D. Taylor <span class="underline">Life Member</span><br />
      1971-1975 Mr. D. Ditcham<br />
      1972- Mr. C. Fox<br />
      1973- Mr. M. Newton<br />
      1973- Mr. J.J. Bonner<br />
      1974-1977 Mr. J.A. Hughes<br />
      1974-1976 Mr. B. Charnley<br />
      1974- Mr. D. Walker<br />
      1975- Mr. E.G.C. Macpherson<br />
      1975- Lt. Cdr. D. Nield<br />
      1975- Mr. J. Robinson<br />
      1975- Mr. C.J. Andrews<br />
    </div>

    <div class="non-members">
      <span class="underline">NON-MEMBERS</span><br />
      Mr. P. Magro, Ex owner of Queen's Hall, Old College Street, Sliema, Malta<br />
      Mr. C.O. Borg, Office of Inland Revenue, Valletta, Malta<br />
      Messrs G.A. Cassar Trigona, M. Bonnici, A. Tortell &amp; E. Scerri<br />
      of Telemalta Corporation, Mercury House, St Julians, Malta<br />
      Mr. A.J. Hatfield, Exiles Club (Malta) 1925-1927<br />
      Mr. P.J.F. Doswell, Secretary, Exiles Club (London), Twickenham,<br />
      Middlesex.<br />
      Allied Malta Newspapers Limited, St Paul's Street, Valletta, Malta.<br />
      Royal Malta Library, Queen's Square, Valletta, Malta.<br />
      Mr. D.W. Pennick, J.S.P.R.O., Malta.<br />
      Mr. A.R.F. Wright, Rugby Football Union Historian, Twickenham<br />
      Wing Cdr. J. Seldon (Rtd), O.B.E., Hon. Secretary, Harlequin R.F.C.<br />
      Cdr. J.M. Vernon, R.N.(Rtd), Hon. Secretary, R.N.R.U.<br />
      Cdr. R.C. Burton, R.N. (Rtd), Naval Historian Branch<br />
      Mr. A.J. Francis, Office Services 10, Naval Records<br />
      Mr. C. Orr-Ewing, Wigton, Scotland.<br />
    </div>
  </body>
</html>

