<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN" 
    "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
<head>
    <title>Page 12</title>
    <style type="text/css">
        body { font-family: "Times New Roman", serif; }
        .page-number { text-align: right; }
        .highlight { font-weight: bold; }
    </style>
</head>
<body>
    <p class="page-number">12</p>
    <p><span class="highlight">told</span> about Doc Doyle and one of them concerns me. One 
    occasion, early in 1950, whilst playing at Ta' Qali, I 
    was knocked unconscious. The game was being reffed by 
    a Major who was the family doctor at Mtarfa Hospital. 
    Doc, complete with his attache case, rushed onto the 
    field and proceeded to stick a needle in. The Major 
    was aghast, and apparently looked at Doc in horror 
    asking him who he thought he was and what he thought 
    he was doing. Doc reckons he saved my life, bless him. 
    This story has been told to me by three ex members of 
    the day. The other story is that on one occasion Doc 
    decided he was ill, made a chit out for himself, and 
    off he went to Bighi Hospital. Jimmy Gray and one or 
    two other Overseas members visited him and they were told 
    that no such person was in hospital. Eventually he was 
    found in the seaman's ward and duly transferred to a private 
    ward. Doc Doyle would have said he was happier in a 
    seaman's ward.</p>

    <p>During these early years there were many good players 
    but I think the two most worthy of note are the English 
    internationals, R. Stirling, and D.T. Wilkins. Wilky 
    was a Fleet Air Arm pilot on board the aircraft carrier 
    H.M.S. Ocean, and Bob Stirling was a Fl. Lt. in the R.A.F. 
    both serving in Malta in approximately 1948. They both 
    played for England, 1951-53, and Bob Stirling played a 
    final year when he Captained England in 1953/54. Men off 
    H.M.S. Ocean gave Overseas a great deal of support both 
    on the field and socially.</p>

    <p>Other members well remembered from this period, not 
    necessarily in order of joining the Club, and not previously 
    mentioned are as follows:-<br />
    T. Percy, Grimhoff, Anderton, L. Lees, D. Gillard, Riley, 
    K. Nichols, Montgomery, Jock Muir, S. Bucktan, T. Parry, 
    P. Perry, Stewart, L. Bellamy, T. Healey.</p>
</body>
</html>

