<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
    <title>Honorary Life Members and Playing Season</title>
    <style>
        body { font-family: sans-serif; }
        h1, h2 { text-align: center; }
        table { width: 100%; margin: 20px 0; }
        th, td { padding: 5px; text-align: left; }
        th { text-decoration: underline; }
        p { text-align: justify; }
    </style>
</head>
<body>
    <h1>HONORARY LIFE MEMBERS</h1>
    
    <p>
        Honorary Life Members of the Overseas R.U.F.C., which is an honour bestowed on members by direct voting at an A.G.M. in recognition of outstanding service to the Club, was initiated at the A.G.M., 1967. The first Life Members, Mr. J.A. Sharp and Mr. C.V. Morris, were made at this A.G.M. and to the present date only seven members have received this honour. I do not propose to give the individual service which each member gave to merit Life Membership, I think the granting of such an honour speaks for itself.
    </p>
    
    <p>Following is a list of Members granted Honorary Life Membership:</p>
    
    <table>
        <tr>
            <th>A.G.M.</th>
            <th>NAME</th>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>1967</td>
            <td>Mr. J.A. Sharp<br/>Mr. C.V. Morris</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>1969</td>
            <td>Mr. N.C. Morgan<br/>Mr. J.D. Green</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>1970</td>
            <td>Mr. J.P. Ratcliffe</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>1974</td>
            <td>Mr. T.N. Ricketts</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>1976</td>
            <td>Mr. D.J. Taylor</td>
        </tr>
    </table>
    
    <p>
        At this point I must remind readers that the first Honorary Life Memberships were granted whilst the Club was known as the Overseas R.U.F.C., hence the wording of the first paragraph under the heading 'Honorary Life Membership'. At the A.G.M. of 1973, when the Club became known as the Overseas Rugby and Sports Club, the honours already granted were automatically transferred under the new name. Under both names special Membership Cards were printed.
    </p>
    
    <h2>PLAYING SEASON</h2>
    
    <p>
        The 1967/68 playing season proved to be one of the most outstanding in the Club's history. The 'Overseas' Tour to Messina was undoubtedly the highlight, followed closely by the Inter Service 7 a-side Competition, and the end of season tours to Malta by the R.A.F. Cyprus; Nomads (Tripoli); John Evans XV; and the return visit of Messina University. Overseas played 30 games, a record in one season, and scored 434 points to 193. The Team Captain, Brian Jackson, mentioned no particular player's prowess on the field, but he left a very comprehensive analysis of fixtures, player's appearances, and individual scores. He mentioned Jack Handford and David Brooks leading the forwards, and the general fitness of Overseas players, thanks to the excellent work of Trevor Ricketts on Thursday nights (Training sessions). A very thorough record of the Tour made by Overseas remains. 'Jacko' sums it up by saying, it was a very successful season.
    </p>
    
    <p>
        On the 24th November, 1967, as Secretary, I wrote to the Sports Editor of the Sunday Telegraph, London, asking if it was possible for the results of our games to be printed in the Rugby Union results column of the Sunday Telegraph. On different occasions Overseas Committee members had been asked for this service by members returning to U.K. Our first reply from the Sports Editor said that this was not feasible as they could not give results which were received 2 days old, never mind a week. We then received agreement, that if we could get the
    </p>
    
</body>
</html>

