<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
    <title>Page 103</title>
</head>
<body>
    <p>R.N., H.M.S. Fearless and the Marsa Sports Club, winning the first two and losing to the M.S.C.</p>
    <h2>1st XI League Record for 1974 P10 - W7 - L3</h2>
    <p>
        The single wicket competition took place on the 14th July. Each league side was restricted to 3 competitors, with Overseas being represented by J. Glover, T. Ricketts and A.N. Other.
    </p>
    <p>Touring sides to come to Malta during the 1974 season were as follows:</p>
    <h3>Blighters</h3>
    <p>The Lancashire and Cheshire Cricket Lovers Society, 21st to 25th September. They were brought to Malta by Rick Bradshaw, ex Overseas Player.</p>
    
    <h3>Mendip Acorns</h3>
    <p>28th September to 3rd October. Stars in the party were Don Shepherd, England and Glamorgan, Barry Meyer, Gloucester, and Jim Presdee, Glamorgan.</p>
    
    <h3>Bertie Joel's XI</h3>
    <p>6th to 16th October. The team was brought out by the man himself, Bertie Joel, M.C.C. Member, and the party included Bill Frindall, B.B.C. Commentator.</p>

    <p>
        The touring sides' visits were organized by Mike Newton as Secretary of Malta Cricket League. Overseas had no fixtures with the tourists although we were represented in the Malta Select XIs by T. Ricketts (Captain), R. Wright and I. Shaw.
    </p>
    
    <p>
        All Overseas Cricket Section 1st team matches, and the majority of the 2nd team matches, were played at the Marsa, the cricket centre of Malta. Whilst competitive games and touring sides are organized by the Malta Cricket League Committee, all teams playing at the Marsa and using the facilities of the Club do so by kind permission of the Malta Sports Club. The Malta Sports Club itself plays as a Club on Sundays from June to the end of the season. These matches, played at the Marsa, are friendlies and are organized by the M.S.C. Cricket Committee under a different match manager each week. At the beginning of the 1974 season the M.S.C. Cricket Section ordered a new hard wearing cricket mat, at a cost of £210, which arrived during the season. The Navy provided a mat for the start of the season. The six teams participating in the league were required to pay a league entrance fee of £M14 and a ground fee of £M1.05 per match.
    </p>

    <p>
        At the start of the 1974 season Overseas General Committee gave a grant of £M44 to Overseas Cricket Section to cover the cost of new equipment. The equipment position was aggravated by a burglary at the M.S.C. sports stores at the Marsa. At the end of the season, by players paying match fee of 25p per game, the section was able to repay £M37.
    </p>

    <p>
        In his end of season report, Mr. A. Latham, Chairman of the Cricket Section, commented on the wealth of talent in Overseas underwritten by Mr. J. Glover's performance in the single wicket competition, when he emerged as this season's champion. R. Wright who played in all 13 matches with a batting average of 56. Mr. Latham mentioned to Mr. J. Sharp for his support and Mr. T. Ricketts, Captain, for his drive and enthusiasm in forming a 2nd XI, for organization of teams and practices, and for the services rendered to the Cricket Section and Club in general.
    </p>

    <p>I wish to thank Mr. M. Newton, Mr. T. Ricketts and Mr. A. Latham for making available details of the Cricket Section for inclusion in this history.</p>
</body>
</html>

