<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN" 
    "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
    <title>Rugby Section 1977/78</title>
    <style type="text/css">
        body { font-family: "Courier New", monospace; }
        .header { text-align: center; font-weight: bold; }
        .subheader { text-align: center; }
        .column { display: inline-block; vertical-align: top; }
    </style>
</head>
<body>
    <p class="header">RUGBY SECTION 1977/78</p>
    <p class="subheader">Annual General Meeting, Club House, 21 Flagstone Wharf,<br/>
    Marsa, 22nd September, 1977.</p>

    <p>
        <span class="column">
            Chairman<br/>
            Hon. Secretary<br/>
            Hon. Treasurer<br/>
            Hon. Social Secretary<br/>
            Liaison Private Schools,<br/>
            U.S. School & Royal<br/>
            University Malta<br/>
            Liaison Government Schools<br/>
            Team Captain &<br/>
            Fixture Secretary<br/>
            Vice-Captain<br/>
            'B' Team Captain<br/>
            Selection Committee<br/>
            R.N. Representative<br/>
            R.A.F. Representative<br/>
            Army Representative
        </span>
        <span class="column" style="margin-left: 20px;">
            J.A. Sharp<br/>
            E.G.C. Macpherson<br/>
            J. Andrews<br/>
            M. Newton<br/>
            M. Cassar<br/>
            D. Schembri<br/>
            J. Andrews<br/>
            E. Macpherson<br/>
            M. Cassar<br/>
            J. Andrews, E. Macpherson and J. Sharp<br/>
            C.P.O. M. Kirk<br/>
            Sqdn Ldr. M. Wagstaff<br/>
            Sgt. R. Stringer
        </span>
    </p>

    <p>The start of the 1977/78 season, a season which was generally believed to be the last, 
    started in a most unusual way. The Minister of Sport, Mr. L. Sant, in order to promote rugby in Malta, 
    invited a team of ex Italian internationals, S.S. Vecchia Roma, to play games in Malta against 
    the Combined Services, on the 23rd September, and a Maltese Select, on the 25th September. 
    Normally, no rugby is played in Malta until the ground is softened by rain, later in the year as 
    that might be, and the pitches at this time were like concrete. However, two weeks of watering 
    made the pitches playable, although still described as hazardous.</p>

    <p>The Maltese Select/S.S. Vecchia Roma game was sponsored by the Minister of Sport, and he invited 
    a Spanish Coach, Senor Gonzales, now resident in Italy, to prepare the Maltese Select players for 
    the great day. The Maltese Select XV, formed by the Overseas Rugby and Sports Club, consisting of 
    as many Maltese players as possible, lost a hard but very enjoyable game 18 points to 10. 
    Mr. Sant was present during the whole of this game and was presented to both teams before the kick off. 
    After the game we were honoured by Mr. S. Inglott from the Ministry of Sport visiting Overseas Club House. 
    On the 23rd September, the Combined Services beat S.S. Vecchia Roma by 20 points to 19.</p>

    <p><strong>Maltese Select:</strong> J. Gerada, M. Cassar, A. Mamo, A. Darmanin, F. Roberts, 
    B. Gibson, D. Schembri, E. Macpherson, A. Hempensdall, D. Watson, D. Tarrant, R. Fabri, 
    S. Mangion, J. Adourian, J. Andrews (Captain), M. Crossfield, C. Borda, T. Long</p>

    <p>In June, 1977, Overseas sent a letter to the Minister of Sport giving him a brief history 
    of rugby in Malta and its future prospects. In acknowledging this letter the Minister suggested 
    that a meeting be arranged. A similar letter was sent by the President to the Chairman of the 
    Joint Services Sports Board, Colonel Seabrook. In his reply, the Colonel said he recognised 
    the valuable work done by the Club in promoting rugby in Malta. The meeting took place in September, 
    when a representative of the Ministry of Sport met representatives from Overseas and other rugby 
    bodies interested in the game in Malta. Those present included Jack Sharp, James Andrews and Ewan 
    Macpherson, of Overseas Club, and Paul Miller, in charge of R.A.F. rugby, also.</p>
</body>
</html>

