<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
    "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
    <title>Page 79</title>
    <style type="text/css">
        body { font-family: 'Courier New', Courier, monospace; }
        h1 { text-align: center; }
        table { width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse; margin-top: 10px; }
        th { text-align: left; }
        td, th { padding: 5px; }
        .underline { text-decoration: underline; }
        .center { text-align: center; }
    </style>
</head>
<body>
    <p>Evans XV from S. Wales on their third tour. During their
    short tour, 25th to 31st March, 1970, they played against
    Overseas and also against the Combined Services. Once
    again they were accommodated in Lintorn Barracks, by kind
    permission of the Army (Malta) authorities. There is no
    record of the names of players and officials included in the
    party, although one must assume that they were not quite as
    strong as in their previous two tours as Overseas beat them
    18 - 15. The Tour was a great success.</p>

    <p>The other touring teams, Army (Cyprus) who remained
    unbeaten during their short tour, R.A.F. (Cyprus), and the
    R.A.F. Training College, Cranwell, (Sleaford, Lincs.) were
    arranged by the Services.</p>

    <table>
        <tr>
            <th class="underline" colspan="2">Touring Teams</th>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>Army (Cyprus)</td>
            <td>21st to 28th November, 1969</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>R.A.F. Cranwell</td>
            <td>29th December 1969, to 2nd January, 1970</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>R.A.F. (Cyprus)</td>
            <td>Approximately, 21st February, 1970</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>John Evans XV</td>
            <td>26th to 31st March, 1970</td>
        </tr>
    </table>

    <p>Overseas entered the Inter Service 7's on the 14th March,
    1970. No record remains of the results.</p>

    <p>Several players who had been Overseas stalwarts for a
    number of years left Malta at the end of the season. These
    included John Why; Peter Henshall; Eddie McClure and Adrian
    Wirth. The Cup for the 'Most Improved Player' of the year
    was won by Mr. M. Farman.</p>

    <p class="underline">OVERSEAS PLAYERS - LIST OF APPEARANCES DURING SEASON 1969/70</p>

    <ul>
        <li>24 Little</li>
        <li>23 Kiddle</li>
        <li>22 Daley</li>
        <li>20 Handford</li>
        <li>19 Miller</li>
        <li>18 Bragger; Harris</li>
        <li>17 Rice</li>
        <li>16 Collinson</li>
        <li>14 Ricketts; Farman</li>
        <li>13 Mullis</li>
        <li>11 Riley</li>
        <li>9 Hynes</li>
        <li>8 Symes; Duffield; Phillips; Evans</li>
        <li>7 Fudge; Wirth; Haley; Coulter; McClure</li>
        <li>5 Henshall</li>
        <li>4 Moore; Armstrong; Norris; Peary; Seaton</li>
        <li>3 Aitken; Davies</li>
        <li>2 Flatt; Why; Brook; Chadwick; Walsh; Turnbull</li>
        <li>25 Players had 1 game for the Club</li>
    </ul>

    <table>
        <tr>
            <th class="underline" colspan="4">PLAYING RECORD FOR 1969/70</th>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <th>P</th>
            <th>W</th>
            <th>D</th>
            <th>L</th>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>1st XV</td>
            <td>25</td>
            <td>11</td>
            <td>0</td>
            <td>14</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>2nd XV</td>
            <td>2</td>
            <td>1</td>
            <td>0</td>
            <td>1</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <th class="center" colspan="2">POINTS FOR</th>
            <th class="center" colspan="2">AGAINST</th>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td class="center" colspan="2">276</td>
            <td class="center" colspan="2">274</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td class="center" colspan="4">9</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td class="center" colspan="2">37</td>
        </tr>
    </table>
</body>
</html>

