<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <head>
    <title>Playing Record and Club House Information</title>
  </head>
  <body>
    <p style="text-align: right;">91</p>
    <p>Service Sevens Tournament on the 8th April, 1973.</p>
    <p>
      During the season the old problem was discussed yet again, whether to play our games on Saturdays or Sundays.
      Whereas Saturday games were better from the spectator point of view, we could field a stronger team on a Sunday.
      It was decided to accept fixtures whenever available.
    </p>
    <p>
      The Cup for the 'Most Improved Player of the Year' was awarded to Peter Jeornig.
    </p>

    <h2>PLAYING RECORD FOR 1972/73</h2>
    <p>P22 – W15 – D1 – L6 &nbsp;&nbsp; Points for 401 &nbsp;&nbsp; Against 170</p>

    <h2>CLUB HOUSE – 21, FLAGSTONE WHARF, MARSA</h2>
    <p>
      As has already been mentioned, Marsa Lodge, our old Club House, now came under direct control of the Malta Sports Board.
      Consequently, the Club rooms and Bar were lost to the Overseas R.U.F.C.
      Although both the Malta Sports Board and the Malta Sports Club were approached for temporary facilities, an immediate search was made for a permanent Club House.
    </p>
    <p>
      Thanks to the Team Captain, Mr. N. Armstrong, we were not long without a home.
      Mr. Armstrong, the General Manager of Andrews Feeds Malta Limited, obtained permission from his Directors for Overseas to use premises belonging to the firm at 21, Flagstone Wharf, Marsa.
      The premises consisted of 2 adjoining rooms above a warehouse, the main drawback being that it was situated approximately three quarters of a mile from the playing field.
    </p>
    <p>
      Thanks again to the directors of Andrews Feeds and to Mr. Armstrong, a bar was built in the inner room and a loan was forthcoming to buy a stock of beer.
      Tables and chairs were obtained from the Services. The grand opening was on Sunday, 17th December, 1972, after the game at the Marsa versus HMS Fife.
    </p>
    <p>
      Mr. Armstrong, as Bar/Club House Manager, immediately registered the Club with the Malta Police and applied for a licence.
      This was no easy matter. First, a number of additions to the Club Rules were necessary, all appertaining to Membership.
      In the hopes of speeding up the issue of a licence, in spite of the fact that the existing Club Rules stated that Rules could only be amended at an A.G.M., the Committee adopted the additional rules on the 8th March, 1973.
      The additional rules, 16 to 18, were accepted by the Members at the A.G.M., 1973.
      Also, during the 1972/3 season, the Malta Police checked past and present Membership lists.
    </p>
    <p>
      At the beginning of the 1973/74 season, members were asked by the Police Authorities to report to the Police Station in their area, and confirm that they were bonafide members of the Overseas R.U.F.C.
      This proved impracticable. The Police Officials at these Police Stations knew little or nothing about the situation, also the Police had difficulty in contacting members.
    </p>
    <p>
      In February, 1974, members were asked to sign a form declaring that they were fully paid-up members and finally, in April, 1974 the Police issued the Club with a licence.
    </p>
  </body>
</html>

