<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN" 
"http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
    <title>Scanned Page</title>
    <style type="text/css">
        body {
            font-family: sans-serif;
            white-space: pre-wrap;
        }
        h2 {
            text-align: center;
            font-weight: bold;
            margin-top: 40px;
        }
        .financial {
            margin-left: 40px;
            margin-top: 20px;
        }
    </style>
</head>
<body>
    <p>
        Party at the College. The Prefects and senior boys of the School XV were 
        entertaining our party and were most attentive in keeping our glasses re-charged.
    </p>
    <p>
        Mr. Cyril Fox, as President/Chairman, led the Overseas party and thanked 
        the Headmaster for his hospitality and for his invaluable co-operation during the 
        past several years, when his boys had played such an active part on the Marsa pitch.
        In his speech Mr. Fox made reference to the services which Mr. Charles Mock, the 
        School's sports master, had given to Overseas in his coaching and physical 
        training classes. He also singled out Tim Agius-Ferrante, a former Head Boy at 
        Tal Handaq School, who had given yeoman service to Overseas, both on the field 
        and in the committee room. Then came the handing-over ceremony. Mr. Fox, on behalf 
        of the club, handed over all the trophies, plaques and banners which had been 
        collected over the years and had been decorating the Club House (and as members 
        will recall we had a goodly collection). The Headmaster was very gracious in his 
        reply. A pleasant, though sad occasion, which ended an era of rugby football in 
        Malta."
    </p>

    <h2>CARETAKER COMMITTEE</h2>

    <p>
        The Caretaker Committee met initially on the 10th November, 1980, and during 
        1981 'minuted meetings' were held at infrequent intervals. Informal meetings were 
        also held. Meetings and a monthly social gathering took place at the offices of 
        K.R.S. in Zachary Street, Valletta.
    </p>
    <p>
        On the 10th November, Cyril Fox and George Attard were elected Chairman and 
        Hon. Secretary respectively. Tim Agius-Ferrante was co-opted onto the Caretaker 
        Committee to become Hon. Treasurer. At this meeting the Chairman reminded those 
        present that the Club had been placed in moth balls, so to speak, until 
        September, 1981, when the final depositions would be made. The Caretaker 
        Committee's first moves were to implement decisions made in Committee previous to 
        the A.G.M. as regards the new arrangements of Club funds, also presentations. 
        The following organisations had to be officially informed of the winding-up of 
        Overseas: Andrews Feeds, the Press, St. Eduards, the University, Insurance, 
        the Armed Forces, the Ministry of Sport, the Police and the R.F.U.
    </p>
    <p>
        Jack Sharp continued living in Malta until his return to England at the 
        beginning of 1982. But right up to the date of his departure he kept his interest 
        in Overseas and regularly held his well-known and always appreciated drinks and 
        film evenings. His invitations always included the ladies and with Jack and 
        Dorothy the Committee kept the spirit of fellowship in the great sport of rugby 
        football going to the end.
    </p>
    <p>
        The final meeting of the Caretaker Committee was deferred to the 
        11th January, 1982. The main item on the agenda at this meeting was to dispose 
        of the balance of the Club funds as required by the resolutions passed during the 
        A.G.M. and according to the three Trustees' recommendations. The Overseas Rugby 
        and Sports Club did not have a large amount of money to dispose of and a great 
        deal of thought must have been put into its method of disposal. The funds, in 
        accordance with the Trustees' recommendations, were distributed as follows:-
    </p>
    <div class="financial">
        <p>1. Secretarial expenses and postage £10-00</p>
        <p>2. Grant to K.R.S. film operator Mr. J. Calleja -</p>
        <p>   We have been most grateful to Jack for his generous hospitality 
            for which he has always refused to accept contributions, but 
            feel we might recognize one of his employees.</p>
        <p>   £10-00</p>
    </div>
</body>
</html>

