<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN" 
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
<head>
    <title>Withdrawal of British Forces</title>
    <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="application/xhtml+xml; charset=UTF-8" />
    <style type="text/css">
        body { font-family: sans-serif; }
        h1 { text-align: center; font-size: larger; }
        p { text-align: justify; }
    </style>
</head>
<body>
    <h1>WITHDRAWAL OF BRITISH FORCES IN JANUARY, 1972, AND CONSEQUENT TEMPORARY DISBANDMENT OF OVERSEAS R.U.F.C.</h1>
    <p>
        The possibility that Overseas might have to fold up due to the political situation was first discussed by members at the Annual General Meeting, 1971. The President, Jim Christie, asked members to forward to the Committee, any ideas they might have for dealing with the Club's finances if this should occur. At this same meeting, the Committee was empowered, in the event of no such ideas being forthcoming from members, by the November Committee Meeting, to put forward suggestions themselves.
    </p>
    <p>
        On the 18th November, having received no written proposals from members, the Committee discussed several methods of dealing with the Club's finances, including the idea of sponsoring a Cup or Competition so that the name of the Club would live on. It was agreed, "That, in the event of the Club winding up, the Committee in office at that time should be given authority to use any surplus funds in the furtherance of the name of Overseas R.U.F.C., Malta, bearing in mind the possible continuance of the Club in some subsectional form".
    </p>
    <p>
        The blow came on the 29th December, 1971, when a deadlock was reached in the financial negotiations between Britain and Malta, and Britain prepared to withdraw the British Forces from Malta. An Extra-ordinary Committee Meeting of the Overseas R.U.F.C. was held at the Club House, Marsa Lodge, on the 30th December. Present were: Messrs. M. Holt; J. Alderson; D. Taylor; A. Phillips; H. Handford; T. Ricketts; M. Lewis and H. Harris. At this point it was almost certain that the Club would have to be disbanded and plans were made accordingly. This was the last meeting of an Overseas Committee at Marsa Lodge. It was then decided to contact Cdr. Mike Pearey, R.N., Overseas Team Captain 1970/71, and now serving on the R.F.U. Sub-Committee on Laws, with the view to purchasing two trophies to be used for competition at U/15 U/19 Schoolboy International level. Mike Pearey was asked to contact the R.F.U. to ascertain the possibility of such a competition. Arrangements were made to withdraw money from the bank and given to Lt. A. Phillips, R.N. to hold for this purpose. Arrangements were made for the books to be audited and for Mr. F. Kitson to take care of the Secretary's books. It was decided to give a gratuity of £25 to Angelo, Bar Steward. Finally, a Full Meeting of the Club was arranged for the 6th January, 1972, the Secretary to inform as many people as possible in the circumstances. This was not to be.
    </p>
    <p>
        Although the Malta Government, on the 1st January, extended its deadline for the withdrawal of British troops by a fortnight, the evacuation of families of British Services started on the 7th January. On the 15th January the Malta Government lifted its ultimatum for evacuation of British troops, but by this time the evacuation of families and U.K. Based Civilians was complete and only a nucleus of necessary Military remained.
    </p>
    <p>
        As from the Overseas Meeting on the 30th December, the affairs of the Club were left in the very capable hands of 6 Officials, namely, the President, Jim Christie, The Secretary, Trevor Ricketts, Jack Sharp, Frank Kitson, Mike Pearey and Arthur Phillips. One must remember that at the time of the 
    </p>
</body>
</html>

