<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN" 
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
  <title>EPUB Page</title>
  <style type="text/css">
    body {
      font-family: "Times New Roman", Times, serif;
      margin: 2em;
    }
    h1, h2 {
      text-align: center;
      text-transform: uppercase;
    }
    p, pre {
      text-align: justify;
    }
    pre {
      white-space: pre-wrap; 
      font-family: "Courier New", Courier, monospace;
    }
  </style>
</head>
<body>

<pre>
Selection Committee    Messrs. N. Armstrong, J. Glover 
                       and D. Taylor
Student Member         Mr. D. McKensie
Tours Secretary        Mr. D. Taylor
First Aid Man/Trainer  Mr. R. Woollams
</pre>

<h1>Applications for New Sections</h1>
<p>At the first General Meeting held on the 18th October, 1973, the U.K. Civilian Soccer Club and the Overseas Hockey Team applied to become, and were accepted, as Sections of the Overseas Rugby and Sports Club. Although the 'Overseas' Hockey Team was so called prior to amalgamation with Overseas Rugby and Sports Club, they were two entirely separate Units. The President, Mr. C. Fox, confirmed that each Section should hold its own monthly meetings and report back to the General Committee at each meeting.</p>

<h1>Membership Secretary</h1>
<p>Also at this first General Committee Meeting, in view of the enlarged membership, it was decided that there was need of a Membership Secretary. Mr. W.C. Morgan was duly elected. The task had previously and normally been undertaken by the Hon. Secretary. This was a position that would have to be legalised at the next A.G.M., and so initially the Membership Secretary was 'co-opted' to help the General Secretary.</p>

<h1>Hon. Social Secretary, Rugby Section</h1>
<p>On the 12th November, 1973, the Rugby Section decided in committee that a Social Secretary was required, even though a General Social Secretary had been elected at the A.G.M. to serve all Sections. Mr. P. Joerning was elected as Hon. Social Secretary of the Rugby Section.</p>

<h2>Rugby Section 1973/74</h2>
<p>Against all pessimistic views, Rugby on the Island proved to be in a very healthy state, and Overseas had an excellent season. This was at a time when the resident teams had declined in number to 5, i.e. Overseas, R.A.F.; 40 Cd: Gp RM; 234 Signal Sqdn and Kirklee Battery. Each of the 5 fielded an A and B team also 203 Sqdn (RAF) on one occasion fielded a B team. Overseas must thank the Team Captain, Niall Armstrong, who gave a great deal of his time to Rugby in Malta, not only for Overseas, both organising and playing. Also, during this season, we had a very keen and talented junior side. Other factors contributing to a good rugby season were the number of visiting naval ships, who could usually field an A and/or a B side, and the touring sides organised by the Services. The season started with 1st and B team practice games on the 20th and 21st October, 1973.</p>

<p>Whilst on the subject, the following list will show how the number of resident teams in Malta, who had provided regular opposition to Overseas XV's, had declined year by year due to Service station closures. The list gives the season when Overseas last played a particular team although one must bear in mind that my fixture lists are incomplete, especially prior to 1954.</p>

</body>
</html>

