<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN" 
    "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
    <title>Social Events 1974/75</title>
</head>
<body>
    <h1>Social Events 1974/75</h1>
    <p>
        The social life of the Club continued to thrive with a variety of events 
        arranged by the different sections. The General Social Secretary, Mr. P. Joerning, 
        arranged all the main and Rugby Section functions, including the Annual Dinner 
        Dance, quietly and efficiently with the added advantage of being an active member 
        of all four sections, which enabled him to work easily with the Section Social 
        Secretaries.
    </p>
    <p>
        The film shows continued to play a major part in the order of events, taking place 
        at the Club House on the 2nd and 4th Thursdays of each month. Films and equipment 
        provided by Jack Sharp. Also, thanks to Jack, General and Rugby Section Committee 
        Meetings held at Zachary Street were remarkably short of hot air with the knowledge 
        of a film show afterwards. Our thanks also to Niall Armstrong for looking after us 
        when Rugby Section Committee Meetings were held in his office.
    </p>
    <p>
        A Children's Christmas party was held in the Club House on Saturday, 14th December, 1975.
    </p>
    <p>
        A number of very successful dinner dances were held throughout the year, the main one 
        being, of course, the Club Annual Dinner Dance held this year at the Malta Sports Club 
        on the 19th April, 1975. After initial enquiries by Peter Joerning appertaining to 
        venue and prices a Sub-Committee was formed to work out details of the Annual Dinner Dance. 
        The Sub-committee consisted of Messrs W. Dansie (President), T.N. Ricketts (Hon. General 
        Secretary), P. Joerning, and D. Taylor. Peter had written to 14 possible venues before 
        submitting details to the General Committee. The dance was a great success with over 150 
        members and guests attending. Trev Ricketts carried out the duties of Master of Ceremonies. 
        In accordance with the decision taken by the General Committee, because of the large number 
        of members leaving before the end of the season, the only 'going away' presentation given on 
        this occasion was a tankard to Peter Joerning for his work as Social Secretary of the Club. 
        Overseas General Secretary, Trevor Ricketts, as a member of the Malta Sports Club, took 
        advantage of the M.S.C. Rule which said that the fee of £15 for hire of the hall would be 
        waived if it was booked by a member of that club.
    </p>
    <p>
        The other Dinner Dances included those organized by the Cricket Section on the 12th October, 
        1974, and the 24th May, 1975, both held at the Malta Sports Club, and by the Soccer Section 
        at the Crystal Hotel, St. Paul's Bay, Bugibba, on the 9th May, 1975. The General Social 
        Secretary also organized a pleasant Dinner Dance for the General Committee at the Armada 
        Restaurant, Mosta, on the 25th January, 1975.
    </p>
    <p>
        On Sunday, 2nd March, 1975, Overseas played the touring team, Bedford Athletic R.F.C., 
        and the same evening, acting as hosts, held a Disco-Dance in their honour at Marsa Lodge. 
        The Disco hire was called ASCO. A most practical cold buffet was organized by John Hodgeon 
        and Niall Armstrong.
    </p>
    <p>
        The final function of the season arranged by the Club was a barbecue held at the Malta Health 
        Farm, Tarxien on the 14th June. This was a final get together for those leaving Malta before 
        the next season. On this occasion those leaving were presented with Club ties. Jack Sharp also 
        provided a film for those leaving.
    </p>
</body>
</html>

