<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
    <title>Page 155</title>
    <style type="text/css">
        body {
            font-family: "Times New Roman", Times, serif;
            margin: 5%;
        }
        p {
            text-align: justify;
        }
    </style>
</head>
<body>
    <p>
        referees (Malta).
    </p>
    <p>
        Prior to the start of the season, Mr. J. Sharp, Rugby
        Section Chairman, applied for and obtained permission from the
        Minister of Sport for Overseas to use the rugby pitch at the
        Mtarfa on Wednesday, Saturday and Sunday afternoons. Through
        the good offices of the Naval Sports Officer, Lt. Walker, the
        R.N. Representative on the Rugby Section Committee, C.P.O. M.
        Kirk, looked after the marking on the pitch.
    </p>
    <p>
        The season started in earnest for Overseas on the 15th
        October with a game against H.M.S. Fearless, and even then the
        ground was described as being extremely hard. As in the previous
        season, the only teams to provide regular 1st team opposition
        were the R.A.F. and 41 Commando (Army), but perhaps the most
        noticeable difference was the lowering of the playing standards
        through lack of playing strength. This was particularly so
        with 41 Commando, no longer the dominant side of old. ‘B’ team
        opposition came mainly from the R.A.F. ‘B’ side, with single
        appearances by the Army ‘B’, St. Edward's College, De La Salle
        College, and a Services ‘B’ side. For Overseas it was not a
        great season resultwise, again the problem was lack of players
        who would commit themselves to playing regularly, although on
        the days when we had our best side out we looked as good as any
        team on the Island. It proved to be another frustrating season
        for Overseas as we fast became deplete of players as members
        left the Island with no replacements filling vacancies.
    </p>
    <p>
        What I have written in the previous paragraph is consistent
        with all problems created by the run-down and imminent withdrawal
        of the British Forces from Malta, in the sphere of rugby during
        this season. That is one side of the coin. The other speaks
        of the hard work, and the constant living of rugby, by Jack
        Sharp (Chairman), James Andrews (Captain) Ewan Macpherson
        (Secretary and Vice-Captain), Marcel Cassar (B Team Captain)
        and David Scherini, in not only fielding a team throughout the
        season, but also in building a side for the future. The season
        started with the possibility that 1977/78 was to be the final
        rugby season for Overseas, and it ended with a determination,
        that in spite of the withdrawal, there was a future for Overseas,
        at least rugbywise, and for continued rugby in Malta. The main
        reasons for this optimism were (A) At a time when U.K. membership
        was decreasing there was a welcome increase in the number of
        Maltese players of reasonable standard in the Overseas teams.
        (B) The expressed wish of a number of the Maltese members that
        the Club and the Rugby Section should carry on in 1978/79.
        (C) The interest the Minister of Sport, Mr. L. Sant, had shown
        in promoting senior and junior rugby in Malta. I have spoken
        in this paragraph only of the work done by the Rugby Section
        Committee members, but all credit is due to our President, and
        the General Committee, where Section work is discussed, for the
        work done to keep the Overseas flag flying rugbywise.
    </p>
    <p>
        In spite of the interest shown by the Minister of Sport,
        and the repeated offer by Overseas of coaching assistance, the
        interest shown by the Maltese Colleges during 1977/78 was
        disappointing, as only St. Edward's College fielded a team on
        a regular basis. The University had internal problems, although
        individual players still retained an interest in the game. At
        St. Edward's College, under the instruction of Father Ferro, the
        game was spreading, with about 60 boys in different age groups
        being coached in the game. De La Salle College also fielded a
    </p>
</body>
</html>

