<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN" 
    "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
    <title>Rugby Club Page</title>
    <style type="text/css">
        body {
            font-family: serif;
            margin: 2em;
        }
        h3 {
            text-align: center;
            margin-top: 2em;
        }
        p {
            text-align: justify;
        }
    </style>
</head>
<body>
    <p>
        survive, even as a Rugby Club, will come when the Services finally
        and completely withdraw at the end of March, 1979. The main
        problems to be overcome will be our own lack of membership and
        so the ability to put out a XV when required, the lack of
        opposition, and referees. After March, 1979, Overseas will
        be the only senior team on the Island, and in 1977/78 the only
        referees to officiate in senior games at least, have been
        British Servicemen. At junior level in the Colleges, particularly
        over two seasons, 1976-78, the interest in rugby has increased,
        and this must surely be where the answer lies. The Club will
        also need the blessing of the Minister of Sport in order to
        continue to use the rugby pitch at the Marsa.
    </p>
    <p>
        With the knowledge that in July, 1978, almost all members
        of the General Committee, including the President, would be
        leaving Malta, the General Committee has decided to call an
        Extraordinary General Meeting of all interested members on
        the 8th June, 1978. The purpose of this meeting is to discuss
        the future composition of the Club and to elect Committee Members
        to cover the vital interim period prior to the next A.G.M.,
        normally held in September.
    </p>
    <h3>Terminal Awards</h3>
    <p>
        With so many Members leaving Malta during the present
        season it was apparent that to present all with the normal
        'going away tankard' would be beyond the Club's means. To
        alleviate the problem the President advised the Sections to
        bear in mind the criteria, that those members qualifying should
        have performed good service to the Club, either as players or
        in the sphere of administration, not just be good players.
    </p>
    <h3>CLUB TIES</h3>
    <p>
        A further, and perhaps final order, for Club Ties was
        placed with Alex Brook Ltd., London. The design chosen was a
        single Club motif, white on navy blue, incorporating 30
        years. A tie for members to value and to remind them of a
        great Club.
    </p>
    <h3>Long Serving Members</h3>
    <p>
        To try to write about all members leaving in this final
        year (definitely final for many) is an impossible task. Besides
        the numbers leaving, there are those who have taken office whilst
        I have been away from Malta, and I have not had sufficient written
        material to draw from. In saying this, I am thinking of such
        members as Charlie Fitches, who to say the least, must have been
        a very good and competent General Secretary to have taken over
        from such a person as Trevor Ricketts. However, I would like
        to mention the following long serving members.
    </p>
    <h3>Frank Kitson</h3>
    <p>
        On the 4th January, 1978, a dinner was given in Frank's
        honour shortly before he left Malta after 18 years as a valued
        member of Overseas. As one of his contemporaries, Jeff Bonner,
        wrote, certainly a very sad loss to Club, School, and indeed
        to anyone that knew him. It is easier to list the service Frank
        gave to the Club, although I have previously mentioned him as
        an outstanding player in 1962/63.
    </p>
</body>
</html>

