<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN" 
    "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
    <title>The Overseas Rugby Football Club (The Melita's)</title>
    <style type="text/css">
        body {
            font-family: serif;
            margin: 2em;
        }
        h1 {
            text-align: center;
            font-weight: bold;
            text-decoration: underline;
        }
        p {
            text-align: justify;
            margin-bottom: 1em;
        }
        .team-list {
            border-top: 1px solid #000;
            border-bottom: 1px solid #000;
            margin: 1em 0;
            padding: 0.5em 0;
        }
        .contact-info {
            margin-top: 1em;
        }
    </style>
</head>
<body>
    <p>
        Together at Montgomery House, Floriana, on the 19th October, 1956, in 
        order to form plans with a view to calling an A.G.M. No record remains 
        of this get together, and possibly the Suez crisis forced its cancellation.
    </p>
    <p>
        Although Overseas was still a civilian Club in name at the beginning of the 
        1956/57 season, it was virtually a service side and there was no Club life. 
        There was no Club House and no Committee. There was no A.G.M. to appeal 
        to civilians, and information and enrolment forms were distributed through 
        service channels. In fairness to Jim Osbourne, there were no other civilian 
        members to bring into the team, and the objects and functions of the Club, 
        as promulgated to members and units, prove that it was still a Civilian Club 
        and not just a Service team. At the start of the 1957/58 season another civilian, 
        Jim Swain, joined the Club. The following team sheet shows the variation in 
        the name of the Club, make up of the team and units in which players served.
    </p>
    <h1>The Overseas Rugby Football Club (The Melita's)</h1>
    <p>
        The undermentioned have been selected to represent the Club against the Naval 
        Shore Establishments XV on Sunday, 2nd Dec 56 at Ta Quali kick off 1500hrs. 
        All players are requested to be at the pavilion by 1445hrs. Shirts will be 
        provided by the Secretary but players are requested to provide their own 
        shorts, boots and stockings.
    </p>
    <div class="team-list">
        <p>Capt Osbourne RAPC</p>
        <p>Lt Templeton RN</p>
        <p>Surge/Lt Marks RN (Captain)</p>
        <p>Lt Dicketts RM</p>
        <p>AB Fisher RN</p>
        <p>Sjt Garrett R. Sigs</p>
        <p>Mr Morgan Dingli</p>
        <p>WO II Hughes RAPC</p>
        <p>Capt Ross RAMC</p>
        <p>Cpl Graham REME</p>
        <p>Cpl Musto RM</p>
        <p>Capt Bobby REME</p>
        <p>Cpl Parish RAPC</p>
        <p>Sjt Grey RM</p>
        <p>Lt Gardner RM</p>
    </div>
    <p>
        Personnel unable to play are requested to inform the Secretary by return 
        post or by telephone. It would be appreciated if those willing to play 
        would also confirm to the Secretary. The Secretary can be contacted as under:
    </p>
    <div class="contact-info">
        <p>Command Pay Office Floriana Telephone Fortress 191 (Between 0800hrs and 1330hrs)</p>
        <p>25 Buskett Road, Rabat. Telephone Rabat 147 (out of office hours)</p>
    </div>
    <p>(A J Osbourne)</p>
    <p>Hon. Sec.</p>
    <p>Overseas Rugby Football Club</p>
</body>
</html>

