<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
    "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
    <title>Document Page</title>
    <style type="text/css">
        body {
            font-family: sans-serif;
            margin: 0;
            padding: 1rem;
        }
        h2 {
            text-align: center;
            font-weight: bold;
        }
        p {
            text-align: justify;
        }
    </style>
</head>
<body>
    <p>When an incoming Secretary had his own phone, to have it transferred to the Club's name. Finally, the identity of a Club telephone was 'lost' at the time of the British Forces withdrawal in January, 1972.</p>

    <h2>SOCIAL EVENTS</h2>

    <p>Two dances were held during the 1958/59 season at the Queen's Hall, Old College Street, Sliema, with the main object to improve the Club's financial position. A great deal of hard work was put in by John George, Social Secretary, and his Committee, Mr & Mrs G. Rushworth, Mrs M. Polkinghorne, initially Mr. V. Palmer, and members of the General Committee. The first on the 6th December, 1958, and the second on the 7th February, 1959, with profits of £20 and £17 respectively. Not a great deal of profit for the amount of work and Committee hours spent planning, but it kept the Club solvent.</p>

    <h2>MEMBERSHIP</h2>

    <p>The total Membership of the Club for 1958/59 season was 56 including 4 Lady Members. The Membership was made up of 21 Full Members, 16 Non Players and 19 Temporary Members. Temporary Members, i.e., players paying 1/- per match, had previously been known as Associate Members. The change was made to stress the fact that Temporary Members could not expect the same privileges as Full Members. The ladies played a vital part in re-building the Club.</p>
    
    <p>I was due to leave Malta in July, 1959, and Mr N.J. Swain took over as Caretaker Hon. Secretary on the 27th April, 1959.</p>
</body>
</html>

