<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN" 
    "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
    <title>Overseas Players and Social Events 1968/69</title>
    <style type="text/css">
        body { font-family: "Courier New", monospace; }
        h1, h2 { text-align: center; }
        .center { text-align: center; }
        .section { margin-bottom: 2em; }
    </style>
</head>
<body>
    <div class="section">
        <h1>OVERSEAS PLAYERS - LIST OF APPEARANCES DURING SEASON 1968/69</h1>
        <pre>
22  Ravenscroft
21  Brown; Harris
20  Rice; McClure; Parker; Armstrong; Handford
17  Miller; Willett
16  Bragger
14  Wirth; Henshall
13  Why
12  Shea
10  Wallis
9   Jackson
7   Fudge; Ricketts
6   Lloyd; Riley
6   Kiddle
5   Norris; Reynolds
4   Hill; Rowe; Eddington
3   Canning; Cann; McConnell
2   Williams; Boughton
1   Welsh; Johnston; Perkins; Adams; Gutteridge;
    Bennett; Warne; Minshall; Brooks; Latham; Symes
4   Unnamed

49 Players turned out for the Club

Ron Willett (Tal Handaq) won the Cup presented for the 
Most Improved Player of the Year.
        </pre>
    </div>
    <div class="section">
        <h2>SOCIAL EVENTS 1968/69</h2>
        <p>With three Touring sides visiting Malta during the season 
        there must have been a fair amount of social activity arranged. 
        This is borne by the fact that Mr. P. Ratcliffe, President, when 
        thanking Colin Brown, Social Secretary, and the Social Committee, 
        for their efforts, remarked that it had been an excellent year. 
        However, except for a Hot Pot Supper and a farewell Cocktail 
        Party at Brian Jackson's residence, both organised for John 
        Evans touring party, very little is recorded.</p>

        <p>Once again, the film evenings were the mainstay, with all 
        films and equipment provided by Jack Sharp. All Thursday Club 
        Evenings were well attended.</p>

        <p>The Annual Dinner Dance was held on the 29th March, 1969, 
        at the United Services Sports Club, Marsa. This proved to be a 
        most successful occasion. A loss of £4, claimed at the time to 
        be the smallest loss on any Club Dinner Dance ever recorded, 
        was a good effort as a total of £22 was spent on tickets for 
        Official guests.</p>

        <p>The Club House remained open during the close season.</p>
    </div>
</body>
</html>

