<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" lang="en">
<head>
    <meta charset="UTF-8"/>
    <title>1960/61 Report</title>
    <style>
        body {
            font-family: "Times New Roman", serif;
            margin: 20px;
        }
        h1, h2 {
            text-align: center;
        }
        .title {
            text-align: center;
            margin-top: 0;
        }
        .section {
            margin-bottom: 20px;
        }
        pre {
            font-family: "Courier New", monospace;
        }
    </style>
</head>
<body>
    <h1 class="title">1960/61</h1>
    <div class="section">
        <p>Annual General Meeting, Rocky Vale, St. Julians,<br/>
        10th October, 1960. The following officials were elected:-</p>
        <pre>
President           Lt. Col. T.G. Chambers
Hon. Secretary and  Mr. C.V. Morris
Hon. Team Secretary
Hon. Treasurer      Mr. H.W. Polkinghorne
Hon. Fixture Secretary Mr. M.F. Kitson
Hon. Social Secretary  Mr. J. George
Club House Manager     Mr. T. Goswell
Team Captain           Mr. F. Chapelle
Social Committee       Messrs J. George(Secretary)
                       B. Headland, D. Tattain,
                       C. Easter & Mrs. M. Polkinghorne
Club House Committee   Messrs T. Goswell(Manager)
                       W. Martin, D. Isted and
                       C.A. Strickland.
        </pre>
    </div>
    <div class="section">
        <p>During the meeting the Hon. Secretary, Mr C. Vivian Morris, paid tribute to Major Scott Lowe who had been President of the Club for two seasons. He expressed the wish of all Members that Major Scott Lowe would be speedily returned to good health in his retirement.</p>
        
        <p>In November, 1960, in appreciation of his services to 'The Overseas' Cmdr. E. Hamilton-Hill(retired) was made an Hon. Member of the Club for the 1960/61 season. Commander Hamilton-Hill had been President of the Club for 9 years, 1947 to 1956. In a letter to Mr. C.V.Morris, Cmdr. Hamilton-Hill commented on the number of years he had been associated with the Club. Indeed, over the years, as Managing Director of Rediffusion (Malta) Limited, he never failed to comply with a request by the Club to broadcast information, especially reference the A.G.M., over the rediffusion network.</p>
    </div>
    <h2>CLUB HOUSE - MARSA LODGE</h2>
    <div class="section">
        <p>At the end of the 1959/60 season, although the Club House at Gerry's Bar just managed to pay for itself, in spite of the high rent, the search for a new home began. In the close season of 1960 arrangements were being made to have premises at Rocky Vale, Spinola, St. Julians, as a Club House. Fortunately,as it turned out, these arrangements fell through. At the A.G.M. on the 10th October, 1960, the President, Lt. Col. T.G. Chambers, promised he would enquire into the possibility of having army premises. Immediately, Capt. John Day, Secretary Army Rugby Union (Malta) and Captain of the Nomads R.F.C., became actively engaged in looking for a suitable Club House for the Nomads/Overseas. On the 18th October, 1960, Lt. Col. Chambers wrote to the Overseas Hon. Secretary, Vivian Morris, informing him that Capt. Day had received permission to use a club room at Marsa (Marsa Lodge).</p>

        <p>At an Overseas Committee Meeting on the 27th October, 1960, John Day outlined the facilities which were available at Marsa Lodge and said he would arrange for furnishings and bar fittings to be installed. He pointed out that the Nomads would probably have some difficulty in running the Club themselves and thought that the General Management of the Club</p>
    </div>
</body>
</html>

