<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
    <title>1962/63 AGM Report</title>
    <style type="text/css">
        body { font-family: monospace; margin: 1em; }
        h1 { text-align: center; }
        .section { margin-top: 2em; }
        .officials { margin-left: 2em; }
        .rules, .playing-season { margin-left: 2em; }
    </style>
</head>
<body>
    <div class="section">
        <h1>1962/63</h1>
        <p>Annual General Meeting, Maroa Lodge, 5th October, 1962.</p>

        <p>The Following Officials were elected:-</p>
        <div class="officials">
            <p>President<span style="float: right;">Mr. J. Sharp</span></p>
            <p>Vice-Presidents<span style="float: right;">Mr. G.H.L. Lord (Retiring President)</span></p>
            <p><span style="float: right;">Mr. R.L. Parker</span></p>
            <p><span style="float: right;">Captain D. Gentle, R.F.A.</span></p>
            <p>Hon. Secretary<span style="float: right;">Mr. C.V. Morris</span></p>
            <p>Hon. Treasurer<span style="float: right;">Mr. L. Franklin</span></p>
            <p>Hon. Fixture Secretary<span style="float: right;">Lt. B. Walsh, R.N.</span></p>
            <p>Hon. Social Secretary<span style="float: right;">Mr. E. Battye</span></p>
            <p>Club House/Bar Manager<span style="float: right;">Mr. J. Roberts</span></p>
            <p>Team Captain and Hon. Team Secretary<span style="float: right;">Mr. L. Thacker</span></p>
            <p>Team Vice Captain<span style="float: right;">Mr. P. Flack</span></p>
            <p>Team Trainer<span style="float: right;">Mr. R. Fuller</span></p>
        </div>

        <div class="officials">
            <p>Inter Service Rugby Representatives</p>
            <p><span style="float: right;">Captain C.S. Ward; R. Sigs,</span>
               <span style="float: right;">Lt. Cdr. R. Coomber, R.N.</span></p>
        </div>

        <div class="officials">
            <p>Social Committee</p>
            <p><span style="float: right;">Messrs. E. Battye (Secretary),</span>
               <span style="float: right;">F. Kitson, R. McGillivray,</span>
               <span style="float: right;">H. Griffiths, E. Lewis,</span>
               <span style="float: right;">P. Ratcliffe, R. Fuller,</span>
               <span style="float: right;">Lt. J. Baker, Cpl. W. Brown</span></p>
        </div>

        <div class="officials">
            <p>Club Bar Committee</p>
            <p><span style="float: right;">Messrs. J. Roberts, (Manager)</span>
               <span style="float: right;">V. Jones, M. McNamara,</span>
               <span style="float: right;">T. O'Brien, and Lt. B. Walsh.</span></p>
        </div>
    </div>

    <div class="section rules">
        <h2>REVISION OF RULES</h2>
        <p>Rule 11 was revised at the A.G.M. to make membership of the Club the same for Playing and Social Members at 10/- per season.</p>

        <p>Altered Rule Read:-</p>
        <ul>
            <li>11 <strong>Membership</strong></li>
            <ul>
                <li>(a) Playing Members Annual Subscription 10/-</li>
                <li>(b) Social Members Annual Subscription 10/-</li>
                <li>(c) Student Members Annual Subscription 2/6</li>
            </ul>
        </ul>
        <p>a. b. c. have full privileges.</p>
    </div>

    <div class="section playing-season">
        <h2>PLAYING SEASON</h2>
        <p>The playing results for 1962/63 gave the Club its best season for several years, although according to the Team Captain, Mr. Louis Thacker, they gave little indication of the team's potential. The season was started with a new set of jerseys. The team played with great confidence until beset with injuries to key players over the Christmas period, winning 5 of the first 6 matches. At this stage the points tally was 107 for and 33 against. The Captain was one of the injured players and Paul Flack, Vice Captain, took over the Captaincy. Lou Thacker was the driving force behind the early successes. In his end of season report, Lou</p>
    </div>
</body>
</html>

