<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
    <title>Document Page 3</title>
    <style>
        body { font-family: "Courier New", monospace; }
        p { text-align: justify; }
        .committee-table { margin-top: 20px; }
        .committee-table th, .committee-table td { padding: 5px; }
        .committee-table th { text-align: left; }
    </style>
</head>
<body>
    <p>
        Socially and financially, with both Overseas and Calypso using Flagstone Wharf as their Club House, it was to the benefit of Overseas. Joint ventures were undertaken to encourage joint interest, variety was provided to Overseas activity, and there was an increase in much needed revenue at the Club House. As has already been stated, from the outset a number of Overseas officials and players were active members of both clubs, and it was always hoped that more Calypso members would be encouraged to take an active part in the game of rugby. At the Annual General Meeting held on the 27th September, 1979, Overseas Membership Secretary, Mr. D. Schembri, reported that the loss of members from British Services personnel was made good by the Calypso Club joining Overseas. In fact the Diving Club provided 75% of the overall membership which then stood at 92.
    </p>
    <p>
        Throughout 1979 the Calypso Diving Club had problems of its own to contend with. In February, 1980, the Calypso representative was able to report to the Overseas Committee that after a short lean period the Club had managed to solve the main problems. The main problems had been the lack of qualified Instructors, which temporarily stopped new members joining Calypso Club, and the lack of a good swimming pool for training purposes. The situation as regards Instructors was solved after a course was held in Malta in April, 1979, and a number of club members scored positive results. The Coach/Instructors exam was held during Easter and for this purpose the club brought over the B.S.A.C. Coaching Director from London. In April, 1980, the Calypso Diving Club changed its affiliation from the B.S.A.C. to the Federation of Underwater Activities.
    </p>
    <p>
        Calypso Representatives on the Overseas Committee changed as follows:
    </p>
    <table class="committee-table">
        <tr>
            <th>March, 1979</th>
            <td>Mr. J. Micallef</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <th>June, 1979</th>
            <td>Mr. L. Spagnol</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <th>December, 1979</th>
            <td>Mr. L. Vella Brincat</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <th>February, 1980</th>
            <td>Mr. J. Micallef</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <th></th>
            <td>Mr. L. Vella Brincat</td>
        </tr>
    </table>
    <p>
        These changes are taken from Overseas Committee Minutes and show the month that the Representative first sat on the committee. In February, 1980, Mr. L. Vella Brincat was joined by Mr. J. Micallef, and both sat on the Committee to the Closure.
    </p>
</body>
</html>

