<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<title>Scanned Page</title>
<style type="text/css">
  body { font-family: serif; }
  .center { text-align: center; }
  .italic { font-style: italic; }
</style>
</head>
<body>
  <p>
    Thacker spoke highly of several players. Terry Ashton who
    was an inspiration to the side at centre. Frank Kitson, who
    at first reluctantly agreed to play as hooker, was virtually
    never out-hooked. Jack Handford, the most consistent forward.
    Francis Chapelle in his 4th consecutive season with Overseas
    had a very good season at Full Back. His kicking, both place
    and touch, was invaluable.
  </p>
  <p>
    Overseas Club was invited to participate in the Inter 
    Service 7’s held at the Marsa on Saturday, 16th February,
    1963. We entered one team. Unfortunately, no record has
    been kept of the results. Four pitches were used, Navy 1 &
    2 and Army 1 & 2. According to a signal from the Army R.U.
    Secretary, Captain C.S. Ward, dated 7th November, 1962.
    ‘The Army grounds are the top two grounds at Marsa (USSC end)
    No. 1 being nearest the Road, No. 2 next to the golf course.’
  </p>
  <p>
    During the Christmas holidays two games took place between 
    a team from Tal Handaq School and a team made up from school-
    boys on leave with parents in Malta. The games were organised
    by Mr. Jack Sharp, and in this instance, with the able
    assistance of Viv Morris and Capt. Sam Ward. They were held
    at the Marsa on the 27th December, 1962 and the 4th January,
    1963 the first of what was to become traditional ‘Exiles vs 
    Tal Handaq’ Christmas holiday games. They became a Club
    commitment and for six years they were organised by Jack 
    Sharp. It was decided that the Exiles should consist of 
    schoolboys up to 19 years of age. Normally, the Exiles just
    held the edge over Tal Handaq, but during the 1966/67 games
    the school team, trained by Mr. John Bowen and Captained by
    Brian Jackson, gained 2 decisive victories. At this time
    an attempt was made to raise the age limit of the Exiles to
    21, but it was decided, that as the school team would not
    be as strong the following season, to retain the age at 19.
  </p>
  <p class="center italic">FINAL RECORD FOR 1962/63</p>
  <p class="center">
    P 21 - W 10 - L 11 &nbsp;&nbsp; Points for 211 Against 198
  </p>
  <p class="center">SOCIAL EVENTS</p>
  <p>
    It would appear, compared with the previous season, the
    Social life of 1962/63 was quiet. Nevertheless, the three
    dances held at the Club House, according to the Social
    Secretary, Mr. Edgar Battye, were a success, as also was
    the Army/Overseas Hot Pot Supper held at the Club on the
    31st January, 1963. The fact that the second of these
    dances at the Club House, on the 19th January, 1963, caused
    complaints of overcrowding and a ‘Noisy Element’, led to the
    number allowed to future dances at the Club to be set at 180.
    Unfortunately, the end of season Dinner to have been held at
    the United Services Sports Club (now Malta Sports Club), Marsa,
    had to be cancelled due to lack of support.
  </p>
  <p>
    During the close season, up to the 11th July, 1963,
    the Club remained open on Friday evenings, and closed
    completely between the 11th July and the 18th September.
  </p>
</body>
</html>

