<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
  <title>EPUB Example Page</title>
  <meta charset="UTF-8" />
  <style type="text/css">
    body {
      font-family: serif;
      margin: 1em;
    }
    p {
      text-align: justify;
    }
    .indent {
      text-indent: 2em;
    }
  </style>
</head>
<body>
  <p class="indent">On the 11th January, 1961, the Bar Manager opened a
  separate Bar account at Barclays. However, at the end of
  June, 1961, the Bar and General accounts at Barclays were
  made into one. For the first season the Bar net profits
  were shared with the Nomads R.F.C. and for this purpose
  the Bar account was audited up to the 23rd March, 1961.
  The net profit to each Club was £19.</p>

  <p class="indent">On the 15th June, 1961, the Overseas Committee decided
  that in future the Bar profits would be shared between
  Overseas and the Joint Services Rugby Sports Fund. The
  period during which the profits would be shared ran from
  the 1st October to the 31st March, i.e. the playing season.
  The Overseas Club would make the Club room available during
  this period for any Social/Playing functions. Capt. J. Day,
  army representative on the Overseas General Committee, was
  the prime mover of this decision and so it must have been
  the wish of the army authorities that profits be shared
  in this way.</p>

  <p class="indent">On the 24th September, 1961, Lt. Col. T.G. Chambers,
  as Chairman Army Rugby (Malta), wrote to Mr. C.V. Morris,
  Hon. Secretary Overseas, setting out the conditions required
  for Overseas to continue to use Marsa Lodge. This communication
  was referred to as Sigs/426. Lt. Col. Chambers asked that
  the following condition be recorded in the minutes of the
  next Overseas A.G.M.</p>

  <p class="indent">"A formal request must be made annually on
  behalf of the Overseas Rugby Club (Malta) for
  the continued use of the Marsa Club House by the
  Overseas Rugby Club. The Chairman Army Rugby
  (Malta) will in turn approach the General Officer
  Commanding and will communicate to the Overseas
  Rugby Club the General Officer Commanding's
  decision. The request should be made in September
  of each year and will cover the period 1st October
  to 30th September following receipt of the request."</p>

  <p class="indent">"The first request will be due in September, 1962."</p>

  <p class="indent">Sigs/426 remained in force until the 3rd November, 1967,
  when the Overseas were allowed to use Marsa Lodge as an
  'Encroachment'. More of that later.</p>

  <p class="indent">In consequence of the different method of sharing profits
  the representatives of the three Services were asked to sit
  on the Overseas Bar Management Committee in lieu of the Nomad
  R.F.C. representatives. These Service representatives were
  elected at the A.G.M. They were given authority by the
  Overseas full Committee to open the Club House on occasions
  when an elected member of the Bar Committee was not present
  for Service games.</p>

  <p class="indent">Each year, as soon as possible after the 31st March,
  an Extra-ordinary General Meeting was held to present the
  Bar account for the 6 months ending the 31st March. The Bar
  and General Accounts were audited for the year on the 30th
  September. On the occasion of the Bar account for the 6
  months ending the 31st March being presented, a cheque for
  the Joint Services Sports Board's share of the net Bar profits
  was handed to the Secretary Army R.U. (Malta). The Secretary
  Army R.U. in turn shared this amount between the three Services.</p>
</body>
</html>

