<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
    "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <head>
    <title>Calypso Diving Club</title>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1 style="text-align: center;">CALYPSO DIVING CLUB</h1>
    <p>
      At the Extraordinary General Meeting of the 8th June, 1978, under the
      heading 'The Future of Overseas Rugby and Sports Club', the President,
      Mr. T.N. Ricketts, opened the subject for discussion from the floor.
      Amongst many other suggestions from members, Mr. Derek Holt, Chairman
      of Calypso Diving Club, Malta branch of the British Sub Aqua Club,
      suggested that the 'Malta Calypso B.S.A.C.' might consider amalgamation
      in order to boost membership to mutual benefit, as currently many
      Overseas members were Sub Aqua members. This was the first time that
      the idea of amalgamating the two clubs was mooted in Committee. The
      benefits to both clubs were immediately realised: a home for the Diving
      Club and the boosting of Overseas membership, with a possible increase
      in rugby playing members. The Calypso Club had a membership of 30, 12
      of whom were already members of Overseas.
    </p>
    <p>
      At an Overseas Committee Meeting held on the 28th June, 1978, it was
      decided that the matter should be discussed in full at the Annual
      General Meeting scheduled for September, 1978. Mr. C. Fox was asked to
      chair a Special Sub-Committee in conjunction with the Calypso Club.
    </p>
    <p>
      The Special Sub-Committee, consisting of Mr. C. Fox, Chairman, Mr. E.
      Macpherson, Overseas Secretary and Calypso Club committee member, Mr.
      D. Holt, Calypso Club Chairman and rugby playing member of Overseas,
      and Mr. J. Sharp, Overseas Vice-President, met on the 17th July, 1978.
      The Sub-Committee's terms of reference were to consider a proposal made
      at the E.G.M. of the Club held on the 8th June, 1978, for the
      affiliation of the Calypso Diving Club to the Overseas Rugby and Sports
      Club, and to report back to the General Committee.
    </p>
    <p>
      At this meeting the Chairman reported that there was nothing in the
      Rules of the Overseas R. & S.C. to provide for the affiliation of
      another club, such as the Calypso Diving Club. A possible method would
      be for the sporting activities of Overseas to be extended to include a
      Sub-Aqua Section, but this would mean the loss of the name Calypso and
      he had been informed that this was not generally acceptable to the
      members of that Club. It would also mean the calling of an E.G.M. to
      amend the Rules. Finally the Special Sub-Committee produced the
      following recommendations:-
    </p>
    <ol>
      <li>
        That all members of the Calypso Diving Club be enrolled as members of
        the Overseas Rugby & Sports Club on payment of the current annual
        subscription and that the Calypso Diving Club be entitled to use the
        Overseas Club room as in the past the Sections(Cricket, Soccer and
        Hockey) had so done.
      </li>
      <li>
        That, with the permission of Andrews Feeds Ltd., the Calypso Diving
        Club might regard the Club room as their Headquarters.
      </li>
      <li>
        That consideration be given for social activities being organised
        jointly by Overseas and Calypso members.
      </li>
      <li>
        That the Calypso Diving Club be invited to nominate one of their
        members to serve on the General Committee of Overseas.
      </li>
    </ol>
    <p>
      The recommendations of the Special Sub-Committee were adopted by the
      Overseas Committee on the 18th September, 1978, and endorsed at the
      Annual General Meeting of the Overseas R. & S.C. held on the 21st
      September, 1978. Also at the A.G.M. it was proposed and adopted to
      co-opt a representative from the Calypso Sub Aqua Club, namely the
      Chairman, Mr. D. Holt, to the new Overseas Committee. From this point,
      where membership is spoken of, it is the overall membership of Overseas
      unless otherwise indicated. According to the recommendations of the
      Special Sub-Committee, all Calypso members must enrol as Overseas
      members, but not vice versa.
    </p>
  </body>
</html>

