<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN" 
    "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
    <title>Document</title>
    <style type="text/css">
        body {
            font-family: sans-serif;
        }
        .heading {
            text-align: center;
            font-weight: bold;
        }
        .subheading {
            font-weight: bold;
        }
        .paragraph {
            text-indent: 2em;
            margin-bottom: 1em;
        }
    </style>
</head>
<body>
    <p class="heading">139</p>

    <p class="paragraph">
        was able to report to the A.G.M. on the 30th September, 1977,
        that subject to the continued availability of the Marsa Pitch,
        rugby will continue for another season (1977/78), we shall have
        a soccer and hockey team, and that we shall enjoy cricket at
        least until the end of July, 1978. At the same time the Steering
        Committee decided that there might just be a possibility of
        leaving a nucleus of an Overseas, in a much reduced form, here
        after 1979.
    </p>

    <p class="paragraph">
        The Steering Committee's suggestion that interested members
        of the Services and the University might be co-opted on the
        General Committee to ensure that the game of rugby will continue
        after this season, was adopted by the General Committee.
    </p>

    <p class="subheading">Finances</p>

    <p class="paragraph">
        At the end of 1976/77 the Hon. General Treasurer, Mr. J.
        Andrews, was able to report that available funds amounted to
        £M225.13, and that the U.K. balance stood at £123.37. This was
        attributed not only to the healthy profit from the Bar of
        £M175.61, a figure considerably higher than in recent years,
        but also to all social functions being financially successful.
        The financial position of the Club was described as being very
        sound, and in his end of year report the President was able 
        to thank James Andrews for his meticulous book-keeping and 
        his desire to sort out problems at any time.
    </p>

    <p class="paragraph">
        In addition to the above, the sum of £M172 was still owing
        to the Club from the sale of T.Shirts. This was a project in
        which Jeff Bonner had 200 White T.Shirts printed with the name
        of Overseas Rugby & Sports Club, Malta, a Maltese Cross
        incorporating the initials ORSC, and a picture of the Maltese
        Islands. It was not only financially sound and the shirts
        popular, but it was a means of spreading the word about the
        Club in Malta, and in the U.K.
    </p>

    <p class="subheading">Membership</p>

    <p class="paragraph">
        In 1976/77, a difficult year in which the withdrawal of
        the British Forces and U.K. Based Civilians was beginning to
        show in the Club's membership strength, the Membership Secretary,
        Mr. Alan Latham, was able to report a fully paid up membership
        of 77, including 5 students. A difficult job in difficult time,
        added to the fact that due to the relaxed nature of rugby in
        Malta, it was virtually impossible to insist all players were
        members. These figures compare with previous years as follows:-
    </p> 

    <p class="paragraph">
        <pre>
        1973/74    96 members including 25 students
        1974/75    87 members including 1 student
        1975/76    130 members including no students
        </pre>
    </p>

    <p class="paragraph">
        Over the years the task of Membership Secretary had almost
        always been carried out by the Hon. Secretary, and it was not
        until 1973/74, when the membership increased on Overseas becoming
        a Sports Club, that it was accepted as necessary for one man to
        be in sole charge of membership. In 1975/76 the rules of the
        Club were amended to add the Membership Secretary to the list
        of full members of the General Committee.
    </p>
</body>
</html>

