<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
<head>
  <title>Playing Season</title>
  <style>
    body { font-family: "Times New Roman", serif; margin: 2em; }
    h1 { text-align: center; font-size: 1.5em; margin-bottom: 0.5em; }
    p { text-align: justify; margin-bottom: 1em; }
    .page-number { text-align: right; }
  </style>
</head>
<body>
  <div class="page-number">22</div>

  <p>
    14 That a copy of those rules be affixed in the Membership Card of the Club or otherwise forwarded to each member.
  </p>

  <h1>PLAYING SEASON</h1>
  
  <p>
    The President was a tower of strength for Overseas behind the scenes and was an active supporter on the touch-line. He did not manage to get to any ordinary Committee Meetings (these were usually Chaired by Bill Polkinghorne), at least during the 1958/59 season, although initially the 'Resident' Committee met him in his office in South Street, Valletta, on two occasions. The Major was in charge of army rugby and through him we were allowed to use a pitch at Ta' Qali once a fortnight as our 'home ground', and many facilities were put at the disposal of Overseas.
  </p>

  <p>
    For the 1958/59 season the grounds at Ta' Qali came under a Joint Services Committee and they refused to let teams play on the pitches until the rains softened and protected them. At this time there were 6 pitches at Ta' Qali, two of them being kept for special matches. At the beginning of the season the pitches at the Marsa had just been relaid and were not in use. We had been granted permission by the R.A.F. authorities to use one of the huts at Ta' Qali for changing in and to make use of the washing facilities on the camp. Our first 'run around' of the season was on the 1st November on the football pitch at St. Andrews, next to St. Andrews Children’s School. Our first game, a trial match, was on the 8th November, versus H.M.S. Falcon at Hal Far, and our last game of the season was at Ta' Qali on the 8th March, 1959, versus the Forts. The playing season of 1958/59 was typical for Malta. A short rainy season could curtail the playing season drastically, sometimes by March the grounds were dry and cracking. It was dangerous for players and the grass so lightly embedded that it could be scurfed off. On the other hand, on the odd occasion, with an extended rainy season and the help of watering the pitches, touring sides have been played in early May. Initially all Overseas first team games were played on Saturdays as it was believed most Service opposition was available on that day. By the end of the season it was agreed that opposition could always be found on a Sunday and at the same time, fewer, if any Overseas members were committed to play for their units.
  </p>

  <p>
    Good co-operation existed between the Overseas and the Forts. The Overseas agreed not to circulate propaganda to Navy units, although we were free to approach the Marines. The Dockyard was open to either. Fortunately, the Fleet Auxiliaries were left to the Overseas and at this time there was a considerable fleet constantly in and out of Malta. Mr G. Chere, Assistant S.N.S.O., in charge of Fleet Auxiliaries, took blocks of Club and enrolment forms to give to the Captains of the following ships when in port:- Tide Flow, Tide Surge, Retainer, Wave Prince, Brown Ranger, Blue Ranger, Fort Duquesne and Eddy Cliffe. The Tides and Waves had approximately 100 U.K. personnel on board. Good co-operation also existed between the Overseas and the Nomads (Sienets), Secretary Tom Baron, but here there was no problem re division of membership. 'Nomads' was the name of a team only, no Club
  </p>
</body>
</html>

