<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN" 
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
<head>
    <title>Rules of the Overseas Rugby and Sports Club, Malta, G.C.</title>
    <style type="text/css">
        body {
            font-family: sans-serif;
        }
        h1, h2 {
            text-align: center;
        }
        ol {
            margin-top: 20px;
        }
        ul {
            list-style-type: none;
            padding-left: 0;
        }
        ul li {
            margin-left: 20px;
        }
        .indent {
            margin-left: 20px;
        }
    </style>
</head>
<body>
    <h1>RULES OF THE OVERSEAS RUGBY AND SPORTS CLUB, MALTA, G.C.</h1>
    <h2>SEPTEMBER, 1978</h2>

    <ol>
        <li>That the name of the Club be: THE OVERSEAS RUGBY AND SPORTS CLUB, MALTA.</li>
        <li>
            That the object of the Club is to foster a true sporting spirit on the island of Malta by providing facilities for:
            <ul>
                <li>(a) All players who wish to play for the Club.</li>
                <li>(b) Non-playing sports enthusiasts who may support the Club and join in the social life.</li>
                <li>(c) Student members, who are still in full time education, who wish to become playing members of the Club.</li>
            </ul>
        </li>
        <li>
            That the management of the Club shall be entrusted to a General Committee of such officers as shall be elected at the Annual General Meeting. Liaison with the representatives of the Services shall be effected by means of the Joint Services Representatives in each sport.
        </li>
        <li>
            That the General Committee of the Club shall consist of:
            <div class="indent">
                President<br />
                Vice-Presidents<br />
                Hon. General Secretary<br />
                Hon. General Treasurer<br />
                Bar Manager<br />
                Social Secretary<br />
            </div>
            The officers to hold office for one year and to be elected by members at an Annual General Meeting.
        </li>
        <li>
            That the General Committee shall have powers to fill any vacancies which may arise in their number during the course of the year, have full power to co-opt as may be found expedient, and to delegate any of its duties to such other committees as may be necessary.
        </li>
        <li>A quorum for the General Committee shall consist of one third of the Committee.</li>
        <li>
            The Annual General Meeting to be held in September and the financial year to end on the 31st August.
        </li>
        <li>
            Members to be given 14 days' notice of a General Meeting. Items for inclusion on the agenda to reach the Hon. General Secretary not later than seven days prior to the meeting. Extraordinary General Meetings may be called by ten or more members or by a majority vote of the General Committee.
        </li>
        <li>
            The Club cannot accept liability for any loss, accident or injury which may occur on the field of play or on the Club premises.
        </li>
        <li>
            That the sanction of two thirds of the number of members present and voting at the Annual General Meeting or Extraordinary General Meeting is required for the passing of any resolutions to alter the rules.
        </li>
        <li>
            Membership fees:
            <ul>
                <li>(a) Playing member Annual subscription £M1 • 50c</li>
                <li>(b) Social member &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; " &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; £M1 • 50c</li>
                <li>(c) Student member &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; " &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; 50c</li>
                <li>(d) Temporary membership &nbsp;10 cents per match</li>
            </ul>
            &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; a and b only have full voting rights.
        </li>
        <li>
            That these rules be placed on the Club notice board, and a copy forwarded to each member.
        </li>
        <li>
            That, in the event of the Club winding up, the Committee in office at that time should be given authority to use any surplus funds in the furtherance of the name of the Overseas Rugby and Sports Club, Malta, G.C.
        </li>
    </ol>
</body>
</html>

