<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
    "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
    <title>Scanned Document</title>
</head>
<body>
    <p>Mr. J. Sharp, wrote to Surgeon Rear Admiral M.R. Adams, R.N. Hospital, Bighi, requesting that injured players might be taken preferably to R.N.H. Bighi, or alternately King George V Hospital, for examination and necessary treatment by R.N. Doctors. Mr. Sharp, in support of his request, explained that the Club did not seek free treatment, as the players were covered by insurance, but at that time Mr. Sharp did not appreciate the shortcomings of the insurance cover. In reply, Surgeon Rear Admiral Adams said there was no problem about the entitled members, but he regretted that regulations do not permit him to accept non-entitled persons in R.N.H. Bighi, except as emergencies, and the correct hospital for them was K.G.V. There they could be treated by naval Orthopedic or Surgical Specialists as the case required, and if they so wish. However, because of possible unacceptable delay in treatment at K.G.V, by Naval Specialists, he was prepared to agree that Serious Casualties could be seen at R.N.H. Bighi, as emergencies in the first instance, and if in-patient treatment was required for a non-entitled patient he would be transferred to K.G.V. But, if he was unfit to move, he would be retained at Bighi at a charge of £9.5s a day which the M.O.D. laid down for non-entitled patients.</p>
    
    <p>On the 22nd September, 1966, it was resolved to investigate with the R.F.U. to obtain a more comprehensive Insurance Policy with particular reference to the payment of hospital and doctor's fees incurred by an injured player from the time of occurrence of injury. However, on the 1st December, 1966, after a thorough investigation (with Lambert Brothers and the R.F.U.) it was decided that insurance to cover those players who were not entitled to Service Medical facilities was not possible at a reasonable premium. Immediately, on the 7th December, 1966, the Club started a 'Sinking Fund' to help players who were injured whilst playing for the Club to meet possible expenses. £10 was transferred from the Club's account and the match fee was raised to 2/6d. 1/6d of which went into the fund. Payment from this fund, up to 50% of expenses incurred through injury, to a maximum of £7.10s was given to the player. All members were asked to contribute to this fund. On the 1st April, 1971, a sum of £25 was transferred from the Club main account into the Sinking Fund.</p>
    
    <p>Following Jack Handford's injury, John Hitt (Hitty) organized a 'Whip Round' to cover Jack's medical expenses. Fortunately, Jack's employer agreed to pay his medical expenses and so the money collected was not immediately needed. In Hitty's own words, "All in all, this is quite the best misfire I've ever had. From a Civil Servant that ain't hay." Hitty's 'Whip Round' was then paid into the Sinking Fund for future use.</p>
    
    <p>On the 14th October, 1971, Surg. Cdr. J. Alderson, R.N., was able to report in Committee that agreement had been reached with R.N. Hospital Mtarfa for treatment of Club Members, entitled and non-entitled, in respect of any injuries occurring to players.</p>
    
    <p>The Insurance Policy with Lambert Brothers lapsed on the 8th December, 1969, and the Insurance Policy with the R.F.U. lapsed with the British Services withdrawal early 1972 and the consequent temporary disbanding of the Overseas Club.</p>
</body>
</html>

