<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN" 
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
  <title>Document</title>
  <style type="text/css">
    body {
      font-family: serif;
    }
    .profits {
      margin-left: 2em;
      margin-bottom: 1em;
    }
    .profits-year {
      display: inline-block;
      width: 100px;
    }
  </style>
</head>
<body>
  <p>via the Joint Service Sports Board. After a difference of
  opinion between the Overseas Club and the Secretary of the
  J.S.S.B. in May, 1963, this method of payment of the Services'
  share of the profits was changed. The difference of opinion
  was due to the fact that the Secretary Army R.U. (Malta) had
  approached the Overseas Hon. Secretary before the end of the
  1962/63 playing season and asked for an advance of approximately
  £40 to assist with the expenses incurred by the army rugby team
  which visited Tripoli early 1963. The Secretary J.S.S.B.
  objected on the grounds that Inter Service Sports Board had
  not been approached for, nor approved, this expenditure. All
  ended well, but from the 31st March, 1964 each Service
  representative was presented with an individual cheque for
  a third of the J.S.S.B.'s share of the profits.</p>

  <p>From 1961/62 to 1966/67 Overseas and the J.S.S.B.
  each enjoyed net Bar profits as follows:-</p>

  <div class="profits">
    <div>
      <span class="profits-year">1962</span>£104. 7s. 9d
    </div>
    <div>
      <span class="profits-year">1963</span>£122. 18s. 8d
    </div>
    <div>
      <span class="profits-year">1964</span>£46. 10s. 0d
    </div>
    <div>
      <span class="profits-year">1965</span>£118. 14s. 0d
    </div>
    <div>
      <span class="profits-year">1966</span>£75. 17s. 10d
    </div>
    <div>
      <span class="profits-year">1967</span>£111. 5s. 0d
    </div>
  </div>

  <p>The drop in profit for 1964 was due to a number of reasons
  including an increase in Bar Stewards wages, small profit
  margin and less consumption (impossible). The last two
  mentioned reasons were remedied.</p>

  <p>During the 1961/62 season we obtained the services of
  Mr. Victor Dimech as a paid Bar Steward. Victor served the
  Club for 4 years before he left Malta on the 4th October,
  1965 to live in U.K. He was succeeded as Bar Steward by
  Mr Angelo Galea who served the Club until it finally closed.
  In 1964 it is recorded that the Steward's wage was 3/- an
  hour and overtime as 4/- an hour. It is also recorded that
  the hours of opening were as follows:- Thursday, 7.30p.m.
  (Steward 7pm) – 12 midnight. If a Committee Member was
  present, and the Members present wished, The Club House
  could remain open until 1.30a.m. After midnight the Members
  present had to pay a levy of not less than a total of 6/-
  to pay the Steward. Wednesday. When requested by a Service
  team, 3p.m. to 7p.m. Saturday, 2.30p.m.(Steward 1.30p.m.)
  to 7p.m. Sunday, 4.30p.m. to 6.30p.m. Need I say that the
  Club rarely closed before 1.30a.m. on a Friday morning. One
  of the most hilarious games played on a Thursday night was
  liar dice. How the intellectuals at this game managed to
  plan and catch an unwary member two and a half times round
  the table I do not know. I also do not know how some of the
  schoolmasters taught the next morning - I believe they had
  some understanding pupils.</p>

  <p>In 1964 it was estimated that something in the order of
  twenty fifteen made use of the Club House each week during
  the playing season. By this time the original furniture was
  worn out and sadly in need of replacement. In December, 1964,
  we purchased surplus furniture from the S.N.S.O., Naval Stores,
  Malta.</p>

  <p>With the Club House and Bar being open three or four times
  a week during the playing season and with all labour being
  voluntary, except for the Bar Steward, it is obvious that there
  were problems in safeguarding the bar takings, especially
  during the busy periods on Wednesday and Saturday afternoons.</p>
</body>
</html>

