<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
<head>
    <title>1961/62 Annual Meeting Minutes</title>
    <style type="text/css">
        body { font-family: "Courier New", Courier, monospace; }
        .center { text-align: center; }
        .right { text-align: right; }
    </style>
</head>
<body>
    <div class="center">1961/62</div>
    <p class="center">Annual General Meeting, W&#257;rsa Lodge, 12th October, 1961.</p>
    <p>The Following Officials were elected.</p>
    
    <table>
        <tr>
            <td>President</td>
            <td>Mr. G.H.L. Lord</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>Vice-Presidents</td>
            <td>
                Captain D. Gentle<br />
                Lt. Cdr. S. Parkin<br />
                Mr. T.E. Arrigo<br />
                Major R. Daniels<br />
                Lt. Col. T.G. Chambers (Retiring President)<br />
                Mr. J. Sharp (elected 9.1.62)
            </td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>Hon. Secretary and<br />Hon Team Secretary</td>
            <td>Mr. C.V. Morris</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>Hon. Treasurer</td>
            <td>Mr. J. Kirkpatrick</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>Hon. Fixture Secretary</td>
            <td>Lt. B. Walsh, R.N.</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>Hon. Social Secretary</td>
            <td>Mr. E. Battye</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>Club House/Bar Manager</td>
            <td>Mr. D. Isted</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>Team Captain</td>
            <td>Mr. R. McGillivray</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>Team Vice-Captain</td>
            <td>Mr. F. Chapelle</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>Social Committee</td>
            <td></td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>Club Bar Committee:</td>
            <td>
                Messrs D. Isted (Manager)<br />
                J. Kirkpatrick, J. Roberts,<br />
                E. Bratt, L. Thacker,<br />
                H. Griffiths, C.V. Morris<br />
                and B. Walsh.
            </td>
        </tr>
    </table>
    
    <p>One of the main reports at this meeting was that of the Rules Sub-Committee. The Sub-Committee of Messrs. C.V. Morris, V. Renyard and J. Kirkpatrick had been formed on the 29th March, 1961, to discuss new and modified rules for the Club. The amended rules were put before the members at the A.G.M. and adopted in entirely without addition or deletion. This was the first revision of the rules since their formation in 1958, and the amendments were made as a result of 3 years' experience in running the Club. Under the revised rules, the Officers of the Club were increased in number and included Vice-Presidents for the first time. The number of Vice-Presidents required was not stated. Unfortunately, there is no record of this working Committee's reasoning, but at least in the case of Mr. T.E. Arrigo, he was appointed Vice-President 'in view of his past allegiance to the Rugby Union Code and more particularly for the excellent support and encouragement which he gave the team last season'. In general, since 1961, Vice-Presidency has been given for past service to the Club, but it has been an active position, and Vice-Presidents are 'working' Members of the Club.</p>
    
    <p>Service Representatives sitting on Overseas Committee:</p>
    <ul>
        <li>Army - Captain S. Ward</li>
        <li>R.N. - Lt. G. Clayton</li>
        <li>R.A.F. - Corporal W. Brown</li>
    </ul>
    
    <p>Representatives of Joint Services attending Extra-ordinary Meeting of Overseas RUFC held on the 27th April, 1962, called to present half yearly Bar Account, were as follows:</p>
</body>
</html>

