<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN" 
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
  <title>1970/71 Annual General Meeting</title>
</head>
<body>
  <h1>1970/71</h1>
  <p>Annual General Meeting, Marsa Lodge, 24th September, 1970.</p>
  <p>The following Officials were elected:</p>

  <table>
    <tr>
      <td>President</td>
      <td>Mr. J. Christie</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>Vice-Presidents</td>
      <td>
        Mr. F. Kitson<br/>
        Mr. J. Handford<br/>
        Lt. A. Phillips, R.N.<br/>
        Mr. E. McClure<br/>
        Mr. T.N. Ricketts
      </td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>Hon. Secretary</td>
      <td>Mr. M. Lewis</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>Hon. Treasurer</td>
      <td>Mr. R. Walker</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>Hon. Social Secretary</td>
      <td>Mr. D. Kiddle</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>Club House/Bar Manager</td>
      <td>Lt. Cdr. M. Pearey</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>Team Captain and Hon. Fixture Secretary</td>
      <td>Mr. R. Daley</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>Team Vice-Captain</td>
      <td>Mr. E. McClure</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>Tours Secretary</td>
      <td>Messrs. M. Pearey, R. Daley and F. Kitson, (J. Christie vice F. Kitson, December, 1970)</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>Selection Committee</td>
      <td>Surg. Cdr. J. Alderson<br/>
        Mr. J. Symes<br/>
        Lt. A. Phillips R.N.<br/>
        Fl. Lt. N. Radcliffe R.A.F.<br/>
        Capt. D. MacCullum Army
      </td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>Student Representative</td>
      <td>Messrs. R. Walker (Secretary), R. Daley; W. Holt; R. Nicol and D. Davies</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>Inter Service Representatives</td>
      <td>Messrs. D. Kiddle (Manager); R. Daley; J. Alderson; D. Davies; S. Carr; G. Sharkey; P. Collinson and M. Holt.</td>
    </tr>
  </table>

  <h2>Playing Season</h2>
  <p>
    The President, Jim Christie, and the Team Captain, Mike Pearey, both stated that 1970/71 was a most successful season, and that we were, throughout the whole season, the best team on the Island. This was in spite of the fact that we were desperately short of players, we were plagued by injuries, and we lost three of our key players in January. In February we were down to 16 playing members. Jim Christie summed it up when he stated, "The Rugby team under Mike Pearey had a successful season, and his experience, tactics, and sense of discipline, were reflected on the field of play." Unfortunately, for Overseas, Mike Pearey left Malta at the end of the 1970/71 playing season. Mike represented the Royal Navy on the R.F.U. Committee and before leaving Malta he had been appointed to sit on the RFU Sub-Committee on laws.
  </p>
  <p>
    Training started on the 1st October, 1970, at Tal Handak under the direction of Trevor Ricketts, and the first game of the season was on the 24th October against HMS Ark Royal. At the start of the season 22 players were in regular training. Wednesday and Saturday were ball training sessions, with Thursday evening being fitness training. As far as I know, this is the only season in the Club's history that such strict training has been carried out. I was told that on one occasion Charlie Rice was dropped for not attending training, this says a lot for Captain and players and it reflected on the Club's
  </p>

</body>
</html>

