<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html
    PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
    "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
    <title>Club Rules</title>
    <style type="text/css">
        body { font-family: "Courier New", Courier, monospace; }
        p, li { margin: 0.5em 0; }
        h3, strong { text-align: center; }
        li { list-style-type: none; }
    </style>
</head>
<body>
    <h3>Army</h3>
    <p>Major K. Perkins, R.A.<br/>
    Sergeant J. Mann, R.A.P.C.</p>

    <h3>R.N.</h3>
    <p>Lt. G. Clayton<br/>
    P.O. F. Prosser</p>

    <h3>R.A.F.</h3>
    <p>Corporal W. Brown</p>

    <p>In October, 1961, Captain John Day left Malta, and so Overseas lost a very active Committee Member. John Day during the previous season(s) had been Secretary of the Army R.U. (Malta), Team Captain of Nomads R.F.C., Nomads/Army Representative on the Overseas Bar Committee, and occasional player for Overseas 1959/60 when not committed to play for the Nomads. (Captained Overseas on the 26th December, 1960, against H.M.S. Ark Royal). Acting under Lt. Col. T.G. Chambers, he was the person most active in discovering Marsa Lodge at the start of the 1960/61 season and receiving permission from the Army authorities for Overseas/Nomads to use it as a Club House.</p>

    <strong>RULES AS REVISED BY A SUB-COMMITTEE AND ADOPTED AT THE A.G.M., 12th OCTOBER, 1961</strong>

    <ol>
        <li>1 That the name of the Club be:- "THE OVERSEAS RUGBY UNION FOOTBALL CLUB, MALTA, G.C."</li>
        
        <li>2 That the object of the Club is to help foster the true "Rugger" spirit on the Island by providing facilities for:
            <ol>
                <li>(a) ALL Service and Civilian rugger players who are unable to play for any other rugger team; i.e. Members of Units unable to field a side.</li>
                <li>(b) ALL Service and Civilian rugger players, who although committed to play for a Unit side during the week, wish to play Club rugger over the weekend.</li>
                <li>(c) Non-playing rugger enthusiasts who may support the Club and join its social life.</li>
            </ol>
        </li>
        
        <li>3 That the Club colours by Navy Blue and White hoops.</li>
        
        <li>4 That the Officers of the Club shall consist of the President, Vice-Presidents, Hon. Secretary, Hon. Treasurer, Hon. Fixture Secretary, Hon. Team Secretary, Team Captains, Bar Manager, Social Secretary. These Officers to hold office for one year and be elected by Members at an Annual General Meeting.</li>
        
        <li>5 That the management of the Club shall be entrusted to a General Committee consisting of such Officers as shall be elected at the Annual General Meeting. Liaison with the representatives of the Services shall be effected by means of Joint Services Rugby Representatives, who will sit on the Bar Management Committee.</li>
        
        <li>6 That the General Committee shall have the powers to fill any vacancies which may arise in their number during the course of the year, have full power to co-opt as may be found expedient and delegate any of its duties to such other Committees as may be necessary.</li>
        
        <li>7 A quorum for a General Committee shall be one third of the Committee.</li>
    </ol>
</body>
</html>

