<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN" 
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
    <title>Page 75</title>
    <style type="text/css">
        body { font-family: 'Courier New', monospace; margin: 2em; }
        table { width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse; }
        th, td { padding: 5px; text-align: left; vertical-align: top; }
        th { font-weight: normal; }
    </style>
</head>
<body>
    <h1>Team Members and Affiliations</h1>
    <table>
        <tr>
            <td>N.T. Crud</td>
            <td>Royal Dental Hospital, Newbridge United</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>M. Purvis</td>
            <td>Rhymney</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>D. Viney</td>
            <td>Rhymney</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>J. Perkins</td>
            <td>Sheffield University, Sheffield</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>M. Thwaites</td>
            <td>Royal Dental Hospital, Newport</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>D.D. Jones</td>
            <td>Royal Dental Hospital, Newbridge</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>J. Crodd</td>
            <td>Newbridge, Newbridge United</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>P. Williams</td>
            <td>Guys Hospital, United Hospital Bristol, Newport</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>D. Morris</td>
            <td>Risca, Rhymney</td>
        </tr>
    </table>
    
    <h2>Tour Details</h2>
    <p>
        Besides the normal tour fixtures, the Tripoli Nomads entered a team in the Inter Service Sevens Championships. Their tour was unique in that one of their members, Mr. I. Churchwood, joined an Overseas Committee Meeting on the 23rd January, 1969, to help to organize their tour, requesting games against the Army (Malta), R.A.F. (Malta) and Overseas XV'S, also to take part in the aforementioned Sevens.
    </p>
    
    <p>
        After searching through copies of the Times of Malta and the Malta News I was able to produce the following table. All matches are local teams against touring sides and no normal Overseas weekend matches are mentioned.
    </p>
    
    <h2>Match Schedule</h2>
    <table border="1">
        <tr>
            <th>Date</th>
            <th>Teams &amp; Scores</th>
            <th>Place</th>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>Tues 3rd Dec.</td>
            <td>R.A.F.(Malta)</td>
            <td>Stadium</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td></td>
            <td>R.A.F.(Cyprus)</td>
            <td></td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>Wed 4th Dec.</td>
            <td>Overseas Cancelled</td>
            <td>Stadium</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>Thurs 5th Dec.</td>
            <td>R.A.F.(Cyprus) Combined Services (Malta) 3</td>
            <td></td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td></td>
            <td>R.A.F.(Cyprus) 23</td>
            <td></td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>Tues 31st Dec.</td>
            <td>Overseas 8</td>
            <td></td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>Fri 17th Jan.</td>
            <td>R.A.F. College Cranwell 19</td>
            <td></td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td></td>
            <td>1 Lancs Rgt. 3 Army (Cyprus) 30</td>
            <td>Marsa</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>Sat 18th Jan.</td>
            <td>R.A.F. (Malta) 3 Army (Cyprus) 8</td>
            <td>Hal Far</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>Sun 19th Jan.</td>
            <td>Overseas 11 Army (Cyprus) 5</td>
            <td>Marsa</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>Tues 21st Jan.</td>
            <td>Army (Malta) 19 Army (Cyprus) 8</td>
            <td>Marsa</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>Sun 2nd Mar.</td>
            <td>Overseas 27 Tripoli Nomads</td>
            <td></td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>Sat 1st Mar.</td>
            <td>Inter Service Sevens<br/>Overseas entered two teams<br/>Final: R.A.F. Malta beat Tripoli Nomads<br/>Plate Final: Overseas 'A' 9 Dartmouth Training Sqdn. 11</td>
            <td></td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>Sat 5th Apr.</td>
            <td>Combined Services (Malta) 6 John Evans XV 33<br/>(Ref. W.O. S. Thomas R.C.T.)</td>
            <td>Stadium</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>Mon 7th Apr.</td>
            <td>Overseas Stadium John Evans XV 26<br/>(Ref. Sub. Lt. J.H. Miller R.N.)</td>
            <td></td>
        </tr>
    </table>
</body>
</html>

