<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
    "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
    <title>Club Document</title>
</head>
<body>

<h1>14. New members must be proposed and seconded by existing members and elected by the General Committee.</h1>

<h1>15. Membership will cease if:</h1>
<ul>
    <li>(A) A member gives notice in writing to the committee to cancel his membership.</li>
    <li>(b) A member fails to pay his annual subscription by 31st December and the committee removes his name from the list of members.</li>
    <li>(c) A member is guilty of misconduct and in the opinion of the committee his membership should be cancelled.</li>
</ul>

<h1>16. Members may admit guests to the club premises.</h1>
<p>The names and addresses of these guests must be recorded in the visitors' book and members are responsible for the conduct of their guests.</p>

<h1>17. No entrance fee is payable for admission to the club premises either for members or their guests.</h1>

<h1>18. The club premises may be open to members and their guests on any evening from 4.30 p.m. to 1.00 a.m., providing a committee member be present.</h1>

<h1>19. No beer, wine or spirits will be sold to any member or guest under 16 years of age.</h1>

<h2>DELETION OF 'MALTA' FROM CLUB NAME</h2>
<p>In November, 1978, the Maltese Government passed legislation which forbade the use of the word 'Malta' by clubs, publications, etc, without government permission. This was discussed in committee on the 2nd October, 1978, and it was decided to ask legal advice as to whether the word 'Malta' in the Club's name clashed with this legislation. On the 16th October, 1978, after receiving advice from Andrews Feed's solicitor against use of the word, Overseas Committee decided that the rules of the Club be altered so that the name of the Club no longer contained the word 'Malta'. No approach was made to the Prime Minister's office to ask to be an exception.</p>

<h2>PLAYING SEASON 1978/79</h2>
<p>In order to give as much background to the problems facing Overseas, and indeed all rugby enthusiasts, Maltese and British, in their attempt to keep the Club alive and the game played in Malta, I will give as much detail as possible of the different factors involved.</p>
<p>At the start of the playing season, including Overseas, there were still three major rugby sides. In order to have better fixtures and to give more people the chance to play rugby the Servicemen made two teams. Salerno Company 41 Cdo, as a unit, formed one of the Service teams, whilst the other was called Army Elements and consisted of R.A.F., Army and Royal Marines. It would appear that these Service teams were not as well defined as the season progressed and the time came near for the Service withdrawal.</p>
<p>The number of teams was increased by the visit to Malta of H.M. Ships Britannia, Alacrity, Ark Royal and Fearless in October/November, and London in March for the British withdrawal. With the initial increase in teams the season started off very well with plenty of rugby being played. Together with the promise of schoolboys' participation, the future looked promising.</p>

</body>
</html>

