<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
    "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
    <title>Page 11</title>
    <style type="text/css">
        body {
            font-family: serif;
        }
        p {
            text-align: justify;
        }
        h2 {
            text-align: center;
        }
        h3 {
            font-weight: bold;
            text-align: center;
        }
        .center {
            text-align: center;
            margin-top: 1em;
        }
    </style>
</head>
<body>
    <div class="center">
        <p>The teams holding the honours of beating Luqa are H.M.S. Euryalus and Overseas, both by very close margins.</p>
    </div>

    <h3>CLUB ACTIVITIES AND CHARACTERS, 1947 to 1952</h3>

    <p>In those early days we had no Club House and Committee Meetings were held in Official's homes. The meeting place for members, in and out of season, was Charlie's Bar, Tower Road, very near the junction of Tower Road and Tigne Street. Here members who were about to leave Malta were entertained and presented with tankards. I am also told that many a committee Meeting ended there.</p>

    <p>Very much part of the Club was the weekly Stag night and these took place at such places as the Strand Palace, Valletta, and Jimmy's Bar, Birzebuggia, when such crazy games as tie biting were played. They also took place at a bar on the water's edge at St. Paul's Bay. The evening started off with a meal and then to the serious business. Another game played was aircraft hangers. One of the highlights of these affairs was one evening when the naval element decided to re enact the shipwreck of St. Paul using a kitchen table top. There was nearly a nasty accident involving one of the local fishing boats, and disaster was only averted when Jack Asbury, like a good Captain, regained order from the near shipwreck. A bus was usually hired to take the members back round the Island to their various places of residence.</p>

    <p>The main social functions were the dances held at the Queen's Hall. In those early days they were for U.K. members only and usually evening dress was worn. Each season a fancy dress dance was held during Carnival time which traditionally was just before Lent. George Holt recalls one particular dance which was held at the Phoenicia Hotel, a Rugger Ball, probably at Christmas 1950. On this occasion a set of rugger posts, painted in red and white stripes, was set up before the band and two sets of jerseys were strung across the room. During the evening, Jimmy Gray (well someone had to do it) climbed up the posts and ruined a good suit on the still wet posts. Jack Asbury also recalls a combined Rugger Ball with Overseas and the three Services in 1950/51 at the Phoenicia Hotel which was attended by Prince Phillip and the then Princess. A mini rugby ball was given to each attender. It is possible that these dances were one and the same.</p>

    <p>During the summer months buses were hired from Captain's Garage to take members and their families to the beaches. The wives had what was called a 'Cackle Club', meeting in each others homes in turn. In the absence of a Club House all this helped to bind the Club together.</p>

    <p>As with all Clubs, Overseas had its characters, and perhaps during this period the most talked about, usually with affection, was Doc. Doyle. As a doctor on board the R.F.A. Fort Duquesne he certainly did not look the part. Modest and unassuming, he dressed in a cloth cap and a raincoat two sizes too large. He carried his first aid kit to matches in a pussers attache case and on one occasion he dashed onto the field, opened his case, and to everyone's delight empty cist bottles fell out. Two other stories are</p>
</body>
</html>

