<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
    "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
    <title>1975/76 General Committee</title>
    <style type="text/css">
        body { font-family: "Times New Roman", serif; }
        .center { text-align: center; }
        .indent { margin-left: 2em; }
    </style>
</head>
<body>
    <h2 class="center">1975/76</h2>
    <h3 class="center">GENERAL COMMITTEE</h3>
    
    <p>
        Annual General Meeting, Club House, 21, Flagstone Wharf, Marsa, 25th September, 1975.
    </p>
    <p>
        The following Officials were elected:-
    </p>

    <div class="indent">
        <p>President</p>
        <p>Mr. D.J. Taylor</p>
        <p>Vice-Presidents</p>
        <p>
            Col. W.E.B. Dansie<br/>
            Mr. J. Sharp<br/>
            Mr. D. Alexander<br/>
            Mr. T. Ricketts<br/>
            Mr. N.C. Morgan<br/>
            Mr. J. Handford<br/>
            Mr. F. Kitson<br/>
            Mr. C. Fox<br/>
            Hon. P.J. Tyler<br/>
            Mr. N. Newton<br/>
            Mr. A. Latham<br/>
            Mr. J. Hodgeon<br/>
            Mr. T. Ricketts
        </p>
        <p>Hon. General Secretary</p>
        <p>Mr. D.J. Taylor (In December, 1975)</p>
        <p>Hon. General Treasurer</p>
        <p>Mr. Taylor handed over the duties of Hon. Treasurer to Mr. J. Andrews</p>
        <p>Hon. General Social Secretary</p>
        <p>Mr. J. Hughes</p>
        <p>Membership Secretary</p>
        <p>Mr. N.C. Morgan</p>
        <p>Club House/Bar Manager</p>
        <p>Mr. M. Crossfield</p>
        <p>Social Committee</p>
        <p>
            Messrs. J. Hughes (Secretary), B. Jones<br/>
            J. Sharp, N. Newton, and M. Crossfield
        </p>
        <p>Bar Committee</p>
        <p>
            Messrs. M. Crossfield (Bar Manager),<br/>
            J. Hughes, D. Alexander, J. Sharp<br/>
            and M. Cassar
        </p>
    </div>

    <p>
        Rule Amendment - Rule 4 was amended to add the Membership Secretary to the list of full members of the General Committee
    </p>

    <h3 class="center">BARRIE JONES</h3>
    <p>
        Just prior to Christmas, 1975, a tragic motor accident resulted in the death of Mr. Barrie Jones, a very popular Social Member. This was felt deeply by the members closely associated with Barrie and in response to the Club's appeal to the members, also with the assistance of the three Services Junior Schools, the net sum of £100 Sterling was sent to Mrs. Jones, then in U.K. A Sub-Committee, under the Hon. General Secretary, was formed to deal with the collection.
    </p>

    <h3 class="center">OVERSEAS CLUB PLAQUE</h3>
    <p>
        In March, 1974, Mr. M. Van de Elijk, a rugby playing member of the Club, made 27 plaques of solid plaster, a number of which were backed with wood. The design consisted of a white Maltese Cross on a blue background. Above the cross were the letters O.S.R.F.C. At the end of the 1973/74 playing season a number of leaving members were presented with one of these plaque.
    </p>
    <p>
        Whilst researching for this history, I was informed by both Mr. Ian Chapman (Hon. Secretary 1954-56) and Mr. Mike Phillips (Hon. Treasurer 1953-56) of the blazer badge which was produced for Overseas R.U.R.C. in 1954/55. Mr. Chapman forwarded his badge to me and in October, 1975, it was placed before the General Committee to discuss whether the basic design could be used for a Club badge or plaque. It was felt that a badge would be unmarketable, but a beautiful plaque, a replica of the original design, was made by a contact of Mr. P. Tyler. Two plaques were made for the Club at a price of £14 each, the first
    </p>

    <!-- The rest of the document/paragraph is assumed missing -->
</body>
</html>

