<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
    "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">

<head>
    <title>Document</title>
    <style type="text/css">
        body {
            font-family: monospace;
        }
        .header {
            text-align: right;
        }
        .title {
            text-align: center;
            font-weight: bold;
            margin-top: 1em;
        }
        .section {
            margin-top: 1em;
        }
    </style>
</head>

<body>
    <div class="header">23</div>

    <div class="section">
        <p>Chairman, Rugby Section, 1973-78<span style="float:right;">5 years</span><br/>
        Organised Exiles vs Tal Handak, Christmas holiday matches, 1962-68<span style="float:right;">6 years</span><br/>
        Selection Committee (Cricket), 1977-78<span style="float:right;">2 years</span><br/>
        Tours Secretary (Rugby), 1976-78<span style="float:right;">2 years</span><br/>
        Served on Social &amp; Bar Committees on a number of occasions<br/>
        Served on Committee when Club was temporarily disbanded when<br/>
        British presence withdrew from Malta, January, 1972, and<br/>
        on Steering Committee which was formed for reformation<br/>
        of the Club, July, 1972<br/>
        On Steering Committee for run down of Club, 1976-78<span style="float:right;">2 years</span><br/>
        Member of Sub-Committee to consider application by Calypso<br/>
        Diving Club for affiliation to O.R.&amp; S.C., July, 1978<br/>
        Sub-Committee to prepare meeting on future of rugby in Malta,<br/>
        February, 1980<br/>
        Trustee of Club and Member of Caretaker Committee, October, 1980,<br/>
        to January, 1982</p>
    </div>

    <div class="title">Don Alexander</div>

    <div class="section">
        <p>Don Alexander, Overseas and Moseley, served on Overseas General and Rugby<br/>
        Committees from the time he joined the Club until he left Malta in September,<br/>
        1980. Don rarely seemed to wish to be in the limelight, but preferred to give<br/>
        his sound advice in Committee, particularly on rugby matters. His opinion was<br/>
        always respected. I think, for Don, the highlights of his service to Overseas<br/>
        were the visits to Malta by Moseley teams. Moseley played good rugby and they<br/>
        were amongst the best to visit Malta. Don left Malta quietly, giving the<br/>
        Committee no chance to arrange any farewell occasion in his honour intimating<br/>
        he was not in favour of such functions. Approximate departure, September, 1980.</p>
    
        <p>Member of Club, 1972/73<span style="float:right;">8 years</span><br/>
        Vice-President, 1972-80<br/>
        Bar Committee, 1972/73, 1974-76 &amp; 1977/78<span style="float:right;">4 years</span><br/>
        Ground work for Moseley RUFC Tours to Malta, 1974/75 &amp; 1977/78</p>
    </div>

    <div class="title">Tim Agius-Ferrante</div>

    <div class="section">
        <p>Tim Agius-Ferrante, Committee Member and Rugby Player for Overseas for<br/>
        9 years, was honoured in 1979/80 by being elected President of the Club.<br/>
        Tim was not only the first Maltese President, but also the youngest, in the<br/>
        Club's history. He took over as President at a very difficult time, when the<br/>
        Club was fighting for its very existence, and did a difficult job well, until<br/>
        forced by circumstances to resign.</p>
    
        <p>In his 'younger days' Tim was Head Boy at Tal Handak Combined Services<br/>
        School and Captain of the school 1st XV. As a schoolboy he occasionally played<br/>
        for Overseas XVs. Gone are the days. Tim was 'B' Team Captain in 1974/75,<br/>
        and in the same year he was awarded the 'Young Player of the Year' Cup.</p>
    
        <p>Member of Club, 1973/74<span style="float:right;">9 years</span><br/>
        President, 1979/80<br/>
        Hon. General Treasurer, 1978-82<span style="float:right;">4 years</span><br/>
        Caretaker Committee, October, 1980, to January, 1982</p>
    </div>
</body>

</html>

