<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN" 
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <head>
    <title>General Committee 1974/75</title>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1 style="text-align: center;">1974/75</h1>
    <h2 style="text-align: center;">GENERAL COMMITTEE</h2>
    <p style="text-align: center;">
      Annual General Meeting, Club House, 21, Flagstone Wharf,<br />
      Marsa, 19th September, 1974.
    </p>

    <p>The following Officials were elected:</p>
    <ul>
      <li><strong>President:</strong> Col. W.E.B. Dansie</li>
      <li><strong>Vice-Presidents:</strong></li>
      <ul>
        <li>Mr. J. Sharp</li>
        <li>Sub. Lt.L.R. Lloyd</li>
        <li>Mr. T.N. Ricketts</li>
        <li>Mr. J. Handford</li>
        <li>Mr. C. Fox</li>
        <li>Mr. F. Kitson</li>
        <li>Mr. N. Armstrong</li>
        <li>Mr. D. Taylor</li>
        <li>Mr. N.C. Morgan</li>
        <li>Mr. D. Alexander</li>
        <li>Mr. J. Masuwale</li>
      </ul>
      <li><strong>Hon. General Secretary:</strong> Mr. T.N. Ricketts</li>
      <li><strong>Hon. General Treasurer:</strong> Mr. D. Taylor</li>
      <li><strong>Hon. General Social Secretary:</strong> Mr. P. Joerning</li>
      <li><strong>Membership Secretary:</strong> Mr. N.C. Morgan</li>
      <li><strong>Club House/Bar Manager:</strong> Mr. N. Armstrong</li>
      <li><strong>Bar Committee:</strong></li>
      <ul>
        <li>Messrs N. Armstrong (Manager)</li>
        <li>B. Jones</li>
        <li>M. Crossfield</li>
        <li>D. Alexander</li>
        <li>J. Masuwale</li>
      </ul>
    </ul>

    <p>
      This was the first A.G.M. to be held as the Overseas Rugby and Sports Club 
      and Officials elected at this meeting were concerned only with the general 
      running of the Club. Committee and Section reports were submitted.
    </p>

    <p>
      In his address the retiring President, Mr. C. Fox, said that this year had 
      seen a dramatic change in the formation of the Overseas Club, from being 
      mainly a Rugby Club to that of a Rugby and Sports Club. Mr. Fox also said 
      that this step had, during the course of the year, proved to be a means of 
      enhancing the name of Overseas, and for the first time for many a year, we 
      can boast membership of almost a century. In fact, the membership at the end 
      of the 1973/74 season stood at 68 players, of all sections, and 28 social.
    </p>
    
    <p>
      As expected, such a change in the formation of the Club had its teething 
      troubles and, where possible, consequent changes in the Rules to help to 
      correct them.
    </p>

    <p>The Rules were changed as follows:</p>
    <p><strong>Rule 6 amended to read</strong></p>
    <p>
      Each Section shall be governed by its own Committee which shall consist of: 
      Chairman, Hon. Secretary, Hon. Treasurer, Captain, and Vice-Captain. The 
      Officers to hold office for one year and be elected by Members at the Annual 
      General Meeting of each Section. Each Section Committee shall be fully 
      accountable to the General Committee for its management and finance and its 
      Chairman and Hon. Secretary shall be Officers of the General Committee.
    </p>

    <p><strong>Rule 12 amended to read</strong></p>
    <p>
      Membership Fees:
      <ul>
        <li>
          a) Playing Member Annual Subscription £1
        </li>
        <li>
          b) Social Member £1
        </li>
        <li>
          c) Student Member 50cents
        </li>
        <li>
          d) Temporary Membership 10cents/match
        </li>
        <li>
          a) and b) only have full voting rights
        </li>
      </ul>
    </p>
  </body>
</html>

