<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
    "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
    <title>Scanned Page</title>
    <style type="text/css">
        body {
            font-family: "Courier New", Courier, monospace;
            line-height: 1.5;
            margin: 2em;
        }
        h3 {
            text-transform: uppercase;
            margin-top: 2em;
        }
    </style>
</head>
<body>
    <p>Telegraph Company in 1921 and from that date E.T.C. sides played team games in all parts of the world. My own experience of rugger in Malta was from 1925 to 1927. We had a good side and could hold our own with such battleships as the 'Iron Duke', 'Valiant', 'Empress of India', 'Queen Elizabeth' and so on and in 1927 we won the Command Cup, defeating the R.A.F. Kalafrana, Border Regiment and, in the final, the Kings Own (Liverpool) Regiment. But from that time automation caught up with us and our cable staff dwindled sadly so that we were unable to raise any more teams. Personally, I moved on to Suez and Aden where we still maintained strong teams until 1929/30 when we amalgamated with the Marconi Company, Post Office and sundry other companies to form Cable &amp; Wireless.</p>
    
    <p>"When I returned to Malta in 1936 I found that the Exiles Club could produce no rugby team of its own and the Club could only make a showing at tennis - at which Mr. Robert Scerri excelled.</p>

    <p>So, I think I can say quite definitely that the Exiles Club had no hand in the formation of the Overseas Rugby Club. We never raised a rugby team in Malta after 1927. I am afraid I didn't know Mr. H. Hitchcock and I do not think he was connected with the Exiles Club, as membership was restricted to the Cable Company's staff.</p>

    <p>We played at the Marsa Club of which we were all members. The reason for this was that the Eastern Telegraph Company owned all the land that is now the Polo Ground. This land was presented to the Marsa Club on the condition that all U.K. based members of the Company should be automatic members of the Marsa Club and Tigne Bathing Club. That must have been some time after 1868 when the first cable was laid to Malta. The name "Exiles" was not used until about 1921 when the Club was formed in London and branches abroad took the same name. I think 1921 to 1927 about covers our rugger activities in Malta although we ran soccer teams considerably earlier under the name E.T.C."</p>

    <p>The above information from Mr. Hatfield would prove that any amalgamation of the Exiles Club and the B.R.A. Club, and therefore the period when Mr. Hitchcock was a playing member of same, could possibly only have been between 1927 and 1936, i.e., when Mr. Hatfield was away from Malta. Otherwise, surely Mr. Hatfield would have known of any such amalgamation. Mr. Hitchcock was 40 years of age in 1936. Unfortunately, I do not know when he first served in Malta.</p>

    <h3>Overseas Colours</h3>

    <p>The first jerseys used by Overseas in 1946/47 were naval ratings summer shirts, tough linen, and provided by Commodore Orr-Ewing. The same season a set of jerseys, navy blue and white hoops, together with stockings and balls, were purchased through NAFFI. Navy blue and white have continued through the years to be the traditional colours of Overseas XVs. Ray Meredith informs me that the money, raised by holding dances, paid for this equipment, and at the same time helped the Club to become solvent.</p>

    <h3>First Season</h3>

    <p>Training sessions for at least the first season were held</p>
</body>
</html>

