<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN" 
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
  <title>Cricket Section 1977</title>
  <style type="text/css">
    body {
      font-family: Courier, monospace;
      margin: 20px;
    }
    h1, h2, h3 {
      text-align: center;
    }
    .committee-table {
      margin-left: 40px;
      margin-bottom: 20px;
    }
    .matches {
      margin-left: 40px;
      margin-bottom: 20px;
    }
    .summary {
      margin-left: 40px;
      margin-bottom: 20px;
    }
  </style>
</head>
<body>

  <h2>CRICKET SECTION 1977</h2>
  <h3>Annual General Meeting, Club House, 3rd March.</h3>

  <h3>Section Committee</h3>

  <div class="committee-table">
    <p>Chairman &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; M.F. Plummer</p>
    <p>Hon. Secretary &nbsp;&nbsp; M. Newton</p>
    <p>Hon. Treasurer &nbsp;&nbsp; M. Caseley</p>
    <p>Hon. Social Secretary &nbsp; J. Hughes</p>
    <p>Team Captain &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; G. Davey</p>
    <p>Vice-Captain &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; D. Walker</p>
    <p>Selection Committee &nbsp; G. Davey, D. Walker, J. Sharp.</p>
  </div>

  <p>New Overseas members included an Australian, a Sri Lankan and a Pakistani, all teachers at the Libyan Polytechnic. Unfortunately, we had lost the services of Mike Shaw, described as the best wicket keeper on the Island.</p>

  <p>Overseas started off the 1977 cricket season on a high note by winning the traditional curtain raiser, the league 6-a-side K.O. Competition, on the 23rd April. We entered 3 teams out of a total of 20. Unfortunately, our standard was inconsistent due to the fact that our team was severely weakened at times by key players being unavailable. Consequently, in spite of several good wins when at full strength, we finished the league 5th out of 8. League honours were carried by 41 Commando who were worthy winners. The 8 League teams came from the Army, the Royal Navy, Overseas, 41 Commando, with the R.A.F. and the M.S.C. each producing 2.</p>

  <div class="matches">
    <p>Sat &nbsp; 30 Apr vs 41 Cdo &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Lost &nbsp; 41Cdo 200-6, Overseas 115-9</p>
    <p>Sat &nbsp; 14 May vs Army &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Won &nbsp; Overseas 176-4, Army 107</p>
    <p>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Ricketts 100</p>
    <p>Sat &nbsp; 21 May vs RAF Penguins &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Won &nbsp; Overseas 176-6, Penguins 168-8</p>
    <p>Sat &nbsp; 28 May vs MSC Nomads &nbsp; Won &nbsp; Nomads 147-9, Overseas 152-5</p>
    <p>Fri &nbsp; 3 Jun vs MSC &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Lost &nbsp; Overseas 174-9, MSC 175-5</p>
    <p>Sat &nbsp; 11 Jun vs RAF Puffins &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Lost &nbsp; Overseas 115-9, Puffins 116-4</p>
    <p>Tue &nbsp; 14 Jun vs Royal Navy &nbsp;&nbsp; Won &nbsp; Overseas 210-6, R.N. 99</p>
    <p>Sat &nbsp; 18 Jun vs MSC Nomads &nbsp; Won &nbsp; Nomads 79, Overseas 80-2</p>
    <p>Wed &nbsp; 22 Jun vs Army &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Lost &nbsp; Overseas 120-7, Army 122-6</p>
    <p>Tue &nbsp; 28 Jun vs 41 Commando &nbsp;&nbsp; Lost &nbsp; 41 Cdo 227-2, Overseas 100</p>
    <p>Fri &nbsp; 1 Jul vs RAF Penguins &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Lost &nbsp; Overseas 165-6, Penguins 166-5</p>
    <p>Wed &nbsp; 6 Jul vs Royal Navy &nbsp;&nbsp; Won &nbsp; Overseas 244-6, R.N. 113-9</p>
    <p>Sat &nbsp; 9 Jul vs MSC &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Won &nbsp; MSC 112-9, Overseas 114-8</p>
    <p>Tue &nbsp; 19 Jul vs RAF Puffins &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Lost &nbsp; Overseas 149-7, Puffins 150-2</p>
  </div>

  <p>Overseas League Record for 1977 P14 - W7 - L7</p>

  <div class="summary">
    <p>Once again our most consistent scorers were our opening batsmen, Gerry Davey and Trevor Ricketts. Both men represented Overseas on the Malta Select XI on 4 occasions, and performed with distinction. Alain Latham was our best bowler, taking 21 wickets in the league on a wicket which favoured the batsmen.</p>
  
    <p>In the single wicket competition Gerry Davey was beaten by Ray Stringer in the final. Ray was himself an Overseas Player, but represented 41 Commando in this competition.</p>
  
    <p>On the 11th September, for the second year running, we reached the final of the Government Tourist Board Trophy, only to be defeated by the R.A.F. Puffins by two wickets in a very exciting match. Our opponents in rounds 1 and 2 were the M.S.C.</p>
  </div>

</body>
</html>

