<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN" 
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
<head>
    <title>Overseas Club</title>
    <style type="text/css">
        body {
            font-family: sans-serif;
            line-height: 1.6;
        }
        .center {
            text-align: center;
        }
        .page-number {
            text-align: right;
            font-size: small;
        }
        h2 {
            font-weight: bold;
            text-align: center;
        }
    </style>
</head>
<body>

    <div class="page-number">6</div>

    <p>twice a week, Tuesday and Thursday evenings, under lights on
    the tennis courts behind the Queens Hall, Old College Street.
    There was no coach and there was no organised training, it was
    a matter of fitness and occasional ball handling. Some dozen
    matches were played, January to March, 1947, with only one lost
    to the Air Arm Kalafrana. Ray Meredith has provided a team 
    photo, taken behind the Queens Hall, for 1946/47.</p>

    <h2>WRITTEN RECORD OF OVERSEAS</h2>
    
    <p>Notices of the early life of the Club including its formation,
    social activities, fixtures and results, were published in
    Dockyard Temporary Memoranda (Malta). Unfortunately, all D.T.M.s
    were destroyed, possibly before, but definitely at the time of
    the British Forces withdrawal in 1972, and no record remains
    from this source. Likewise, all written records of 1946/47
    kept by Trevor Lewis and Ray Meredith were disposed of before
    I wrote to them asking for details of the Club’s formation.
    Full searches were made through various records for any information
    about Overseas RFC, also for any connection between Overseas
    and clubs already mentioned, i.e. Dockyard, Exiles and RFA.
    All searches proved negative. A full list of departments and
    secretaries who carried out these searches on behalf of the 
    Club have been given under ‘Acknowledgements to Non-Members’
    at the front of this history.</p>

    <h2>OVERSEAS XVs HOME GROUND</h2>

    <p>Initially, in 1946/47 Overseas played on a makeshift pitch
    at Ta’ Qali airfield which was soon abandoned in favour of a
    pitch at Luqa airfield. The Commodore and Trevor Lewis, and,
    I assume, with other club Officials, selected a piece of ground
    at Luqa, and the Commodore negotiated with R.A.F. Officials that 
    this would become Overseas’ home pitch. This pitch was situated 
    to the Luqa side of the runway, approximately in front of what is 
    now the civilian terminal (1977). The pitch had a light covering 
    of grass but it was hard, almost gravel, and aircraft often 
    stopped play. The players changed in one of the nissen huts in 
    R.A.F. Site one, Luqa, by courtesy of the R.A.F., although during 
    1949/50 season we were able to make use of the newly built and 
    improved changing facilities at Luqa Site two. In those days 
    very few of the players owned cars and a bus was hired from 
    Captains Garage, Tigne Street, Sliema, to take them to the Site 
    and then to the pitch. The team photo of 1948/49 shows the bus 
    and Luqa Site number two airman’s quarters in the background.</p>

    <p>Trevor Lewis informed me that during the first season the
    Commodore decided we must have our own pitch, and in conjunction
    with Officials from the Civil Engineering Department from the
    Dockyard, Overseas selected a piece of ground at Ta’ Qali and
    preparations were made. Ta’ Qali was a Naval Air Station at the
    time. It was agreed that the only type of grass was a special
    kind from Texas and this was delivered by courtesy of the U.S.
    Air Force en route to one of their bases. This pitch had to
    lay unused for 2 to 3 years in order to bind the grass. Trevor,
    who left Malta in June, 1949, does not know if we ever played on
    it. No record remains of this particular pitch, and no other
    member I have contacted, and who followed on after the first
    season, can remember hearing about it.</p>

    <p>Overseas continued playing at Luqa during 1948/49 and for the
    first half of 1949/50 season, after which we moved to Ta’ Qali.</p>

</body>
</html>

