<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN" 
    "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Social Functions</title>
    <style type="text/css">
      body { font-family: serif; margin: 1em; }
      h1 { text-align: center; }
      p { text-align: justify; line-height: 1.5; }
    </style>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1>SOCIAL FUNCTIONS</h1>
    <p>
      Throughout the 1975/76 season we had a very full calendar of events. It was a very successful year. All Club and Rugby Section Social Functions were excellently organized by John Hughes, General and Rugby Section Social Secretary, backed by the hard work of Martin Crossfield, Bar Manager, and James Andrews, General Treasurer, who kept the bar stocked. James, successor to Niall Armstrong as General Manager of Andrews Feeds, was responsible to his firm for the continued use of their premises at Flagstone Wharf by the Club.
    </p>
    <p>
      Again we must thank Jack Sharp for the film shows throughout the year, whether at the fortnightly club event on the first and third Thursday of each month, or on the many other occasions, including Committee evenings. They were very much appreciated by all who enjoyed Jack's hospitality.
    </p>
    <p>
      One never likes to see members leaving Malta, but the official functions given to Club Officials prior to their departure were a great excuse for all members to get together. This season they were excellently organized by John Hughes and Trevor Ricketts, General Secretary, and were approached with a great sense of humour. The events were organized under the guise of a 'quiet drink' and the recipients were greatly surprised to be led into a 'noisy' social function arranged for their benefit. They were a success socially and enjoyed by members, especially by the person so honoured. The first occasion was on the 4th October, when a Farewell Cold Buffet and Dance was organized for Niall and Carol Armstrong at Tigne Beach Club, Tigne. At the end of the season, on the 3rd July, the President, Dave Taylor, and his wife Marjorie, were also given a Farewell Cold Buffet Dance at Tigne Beach Club, and finally, on the 8th July Amy and I were honoured by a Farewell Dinner at the Crystal Hotel, Bugibba. Other enjoyable and successful Farewell Parties were arranged privately, which all added to the social scene and comradery.
    </p>
    <p>
      Great effort and no little expense was put into entertaining Energiovinvest, the visiting team from Yugoslavia. The Disco & Buffet organized for them at Marsa Lodge on the 24th March did not come up to expectations, mainly through lack of support, although the expense was considered acceptable in terms of the goodwill created between Overseas and Energiovinvest. The final cost to the Club of hosting the visitors was £65.81. There was a definite language barrier as only their Tour Manager, Marko Protega, spoke fairly good English, but they enjoyed themselves at all functions arranged for them. They were particularly interested in a rugby film showing games played by the British Lions on one of their tours. They took their rugby very seriously indeed and drank very little intoxicating liquor on this tour. They were also entertained by Jack Sharp at the M.U.F.C. Valletta. Whilst still on the subject of the tourists, I must add to what I have already written about the language difficulty. Whilst Marko was the only one who could converse fully in English, one or two of the others spoke some English, whilst none of the hosts could speak any of the three major languages used in Yugoslavia.
    </p>
    <p>
      The Annual Dinner Dance, successfully organized by John Hughes was held at the Old Villa Rosa, St. George's Bay, St. Julians, on the 3rd April. We were a little cramped for space and numbers had to be kept down to 65 doubles. Actually, approximately 48 couples attended. The only official guest invited, although unable to attend, was the President of the National Sports Board, Dr. Benny Camilleri. Each Section of the Club also organized their own Section Dinner to which all members were welcome. Other functions held included a Stagnight (9th October), a Cheese & Wine Party (13th November), a Games Evening (27th November) and a Children’s Christmas Party (18th December).
    </p>
  </body>
</html>

