<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN" 
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
    <title>EPUB Page</title>
    <style type="text/css">
        body {
            font-family: serif;
            margin: 1em;
        }
        p {
            text-indent: 2em;
            margin: 0.5em 0;
        }
        .quote {
            margin: 1em;
            padding-left: 2em;
            border-left: 0.1em solid #000;
        }
    </style>
</head>
<body>
    <p>Whilst Victor Dimech was the Bar Steward he accepted responsibility. When Angelo Galea became Steward, however, he was not willing to accept responsibility for the takings in the same way, and a new system had to be devised by Ralph McGillivray, Bar Manager (1964/66), and Peter Bennie, Treasurer (1965/67). Individual volunteer members of the Bar Committee agreed to accept responsibility for a complete week at a time, to look after the cash and to pay the week's bar takings into any Branch of the National Bank of Malta to the account of Overseas R.F.C. A special sheet of 'Responsibilities' and 'Bar Takings Statement' forms were devised for the Duty Bar Member, copies of which follow. It was agreed that this system was not foolproof, especially during busy periods, but if stocktakings were carried out thoroughly it was easier for checks to be made, and the systematic weekly entries and banking made life easier for the Treasurer.</p>

    <p>In September, 1967, came the first major change in conditions required for the Overseas to continue to use the Marsa Lodge as a Club House and this completely cancelled Sigs/426 which had been in force since September, 1961. Our annual request for permission to continue using Marsa Lodge, dated 22nd September, 1967, was sent as usual to the Secretary Army Rugby Football (Malta). Our letter was passed on to HQ 'Q' Branch and on the 3rd November, 1967, we received the following reply from Mr. J.H.H. Parker of this branch.</p>

    <div class="quote">
        <p>"Authority is hereby given for you to hold the Club Room at Marsa Lodge as an Encroachment. This will mean that in accordance with current Ministry of Defence instructions, you will have to pay a 'peppercorn' rent and take out an Insurance Policy to cover loss or damage to the building and third party indemnity."</p>
    </div>

    <p>On the 11th January, 1968, the D.L.A. informed us that we must insure the building for £5,000. On the 28th January, 1968, Mr. Parker (Col. retired) informed Overseas that the Malta Government wished to use the large (2nd) room for coaching athletics between the 1st June and the 31st August, 1968, as a Pilot scheme for the Council of Europe. If we objected we could only have the encroachment for the 'Bar Room'. The Maltese Government would also take out an Insurance.</p>

    <p>Naturally, we agreed to the conditions required for us to hold the Club Rooms as an encroachment, taking out the necessary insurance. The Bar Manager, Mr. B. Jackson, received the encroachment (Licence) in March, 1968. Initially, we agreed in Committee to continue to share the playing season bar profits with the three Services, but this decision was rescinded at an Extra-ordinary Meeting, attended by the three Inter Service Representatives; on the 23rd May, 1968. It was then agreed to cease payment of 50% of the playing season bar profit to the Services. Accordingly, at the A.G.M. on the 12th September, 1968, Rule 9 was amended to leave out reference to the Services and also to the Extra-ordinary Meeting which had previously been held in April for submission of the playing season bar account to members and Joint Service Rugby Representatives.</p>

    <p>Under the terms of the encroachment we could not let the Forces Driving Club of Malta (or similar clubs) use the Club</p>
</body>
</html>

