<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN" 
    "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
<head>
    <title>Document Page</title>
    <style type="text/css">
        body {
            font-family: "Times New Roman", Times, serif;
            margin: 1em;
            line-height: 1.5;
        }
        .heading {
            text-align: center;
            font-weight: bold;
        }
        .content {
            text-align: justify;
        }
        .indent {
            text-indent: 2em;
        }
    </style>
</head>

<body>
    <div class="content">
        <p class="indent">13th December was read out at Overseas Committee Meeting of the 21st December, when Mr. Morris said he would forward application to the R.F.U. after first obtaining the signatures of the Secretaries of the Navy and Army Rugby Unions. The request for signatures of the Secretaries of the two Unions was not in Mr. Prentice's letter of the 13th December. Possibly it had been on the application form.</p>
        
        <p class="indent">No more was heard of the matter until the Overseas Annual General Meeting held on the 15th October, 1964, when members expressed the view that the Hon. Secretary should write to the R.F.U. regarding membership. Mr. Morris wrote again on the 17th October, 1964. No copy of this letter was kept. On the 28th October, 1964, Mr. R.E. Prescott, Secretary of the RFU replied:--</p>

        <blockquote>
            <p>"At the Full Committee Meeting of the Rugby Football Union held last Friday, it was agreed to support the recommendation of the Overseas Liaison Sub-Committee that the Overseas Rugby Union Football Club, Malta, be accepted into membership with the Rugby Football Union.</p>
            
            <p>Under separate cover we will be sending you all the necessary information, etc.."</p>
        </blockquote>

        <p class="indent">Following this letter there was complete silence from the R.F.U. Mr. Morris wrote to the R.F.U. on the 8th December, 1964, and on the 21st September, 1965, asking for the 'necessary information' and asking for official notification of Club's Membership to the R.F.U. Finally, on the 29th September, 1965 Mr. Prescott wrote apologizing for the fact that notification of Membership had apparently not been sent and enclosing a letter to the effect that the Overseas was accepted into Membership with the R.F.U. as from the 1st September, 1965.</p>

        <h2 class="heading">CLUB BANK ACCOUNT</h2>

        <p class="indent">The first Club Bank Account was opened with Barclays Bank, Prince of Wales Road, Sliema, immediately after Committee Meeting on the 23rd March, 1959. Signatures required for withdrawals to be those of the Hon. Treasurer and the Hon. Social Secretary. Various bank changes are given under 'Overseas Funds, 1974/75'.</p>

        <h2 class="heading">CLUB TELEPHONE</h2>

        <p class="indent">A telephone was installed at the home of the Club Secretary on the 12th March, 1959, under the name 'Overseas Rugby Union Football Club' (Sliema 2892), seven months after requesting it from the G.P.O. Valletta. The original idea was that each retiring Secretary would have the phone transferred to the succeeding Secretary or whoever was acting as Team Secretary. When the phone was first installed the Hon. Secretary was acting in both capacities. Transferring the phone proved impracticable either because of technical reasons or the fact that an incoming Secretary already had his own phone. On two occasions when the Club phone could not be transferred to the new Secretary, the Club phone was transferred to another member of the Committee. On both occasions that particular number lapsed as far as the Club was concerned. It became the practice,</p>
    </div>
</body>
</html>

