<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
    <title>Annual General Meeting, 1980</title>
    <style>
        body {
            font-family: Arial, sans-serif;
            margin: 2em;
        }
        h2, h3 {
            text-align: center;
        }
        p {
            text-align: justify;
        }
        ol {
            margin-left: 2em;
        }
    </style>
</head>
<body>

    <h2>PART III</h2>
    <h3>THE CLOSURE</h3>
    <h3>ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING, 1980</h3>

    <p>
        The final Annual General Meeting of the Overseas Rugby and Sports Club was
        held in the new Club House of the Calypso Diving Club, the Metropole Theatre,
        B'kara, on Friday, 24th October, 1980.
    </p>

    <p>Members present 14.</p>

    <p>
        In view of the forthcoming closure, and the vital decisions appertaining to it,
        I will print in full the three Motions submitted at the A.G.M. by the General
        Committee, and which had previously been promulgated in an A.G.M. Notice to
        Members:
    </p>

    <ol>
        <li>
            In view of all the circumstances, the General Committee has no alternative
            but to recommend the winding-up of the Overseas Rugby and Sports Club as
            from the date of this General Meeting of Members.
        </li>
        <li>
            In accordance with the terms of No. 13 of the Club Rules, the surplus
            funds be put in a Suspense Account.<br/>
            The Committee proposes that three Trustees be elected to review the
            financial position not later than the end of September, 1981. The
            Committee has agreed that the three Trustees should be Messrs. C. Fox,
            J. Sharp and G. Attard.
        </li>
        <li>
            That a Caretaker Committee of the present nine members viz. 
            C. Fox, J. Sharp, J. Young, J. Micallef, C. Borda, L. Vella Brincat,
            D. Schembri, C. Mock and G. Attard be elected to safeguard the interests
            of the Club and to consider the use of these funds in the furtherance of
            the object of the Overseas Rugby and Sports Club should a favourable
            occasion arise.
        </li>
    </ol>

    <p>
        Mr. C. Fox asked the Secretary, Mr. G. Attard, to read the Notice convening
        the Meeting. The Members present then confirmed the Committee's decision to
        appoint Mr. Fox as Chairman.
    </p>

    <p>
        The Chairman read out a detailed report outlining the history of the Club
        and the reasons for its imminent winding-up.
    </p>

    <p>
        After the normal Committee Reports for the 1979/80 season were given, the
        Secretary reported that no amendments had been forwarded to him regarding the
        three resolutions as promulgated in the Notice.
    </p>

    <p>All three resolutions were read out and accepted unanimously.</p>

    <h3>PRESENTATION OF CLUB'S REGALIA</h3>

    <p>
        Details of this special ceremony were given to me by Mr. C. Fox. To get the
        true feeling of those attending I will quote Cyril's account:
    </p>

    <p>
        "The final ceremony of the winding-up of Overseas took place at St. Edward's
        College in November, 1980, when, at the kind invitation of the Headmaster
        (Mr. A. Cachia Caruana), the members of the Caretaker Committee attended a Drinks
    </p>

</body>
</html>

