<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html
  PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
    <title>Annual General Meeting, 1947</title>
    <style type="text/css">
        body {
            font-family: serif;
            margin: 1em;
        }
        h1, h2, h3 {
            text-align: center;
        }
        .section-title {
            font-weight: bold;
            margin-top: 1em;
        }
    </style>
</head>
<body>
    <h1>1947 - 1952</h1>

    <h2>ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING, 1947</h2>
    <p>
        After hours of searching through old copies of the <em>Times of Malta</em> in the Offices of Allied Malta Newspapers Ltd., St. Paul’s Street, Valletta, and the Public Library, Queen’s Square, Valletta, for written word of the beginning of the Club, the following notice appertaining to the second A.G.M. was found in the copy of the 30th September, 1947.
    </p>

    <h2>THE OVERSEAS RUGBY FOOTBALL CLUB</h2>
    <p>
        There will be a General Meeting of the Overseas Rugby Football Club on Tuesday, October, 7th, at 7p.m., at Queens Hall, Old College Street, Sliema.
    </p>
    <p>
        The United Kingdom civilian personnel interested in the 1947-48 season are cordially invited to attend.
    </p>
    <p>
        The Club is open to service personnel, particularly those of small units, which are themselves unable to field rugby teams.
    </p>
    <p>
        From this notice it can be seen that although Overseas is a civilian club, the only one resident in Malta at that time, or since, notice of A.G.M.'s has always been directed to both civilian and service personnel. Having said this, it must be stated that the golden rule of the Club has always been, written or unwritten, that where there is a clash of fixtures, a service man's loyalty is first to his Service team.
    </p>
    <p>
        For the 1947/48 season, the only Officials elected at the A.G.M. known for certain are as follows:
    </p>
    <ul>
        <li>President: Commander E.A. Hamilton-Hill R.N.(Rtd)</li>
        <li>Chairman: F. Hitchcock</li>
        <li>Hon. Secretary: T. Lewis</li>
        <li>Hon. Social Secretary: R. Meredith</li>
    </ul>

    <h2>COMMANDER E.A. HAMILTON-HILL, PRESIDENT 1947 to 1956</h2>
    <p>
        Cmdr. E.A. Hamilton-Hill was President of Overseas for 9 years, 1947 to 1956, after which he was forced to withdraw because he could not give the necessary time to the Club. Even so, the Commander remained a staunch supporter of the Club until he left Malta in 1971, and as Managing Director of Rediffusion(Malta) and Malta Television Services he never failed to broadcast details of the Club's A.G.M. and other big events when requested to do so. He was awarded the O.B.E.
    </p>
    <p>
        Commander Hamilton-Hill's rugby playing record is impressive. As a flank forward, besides playing for the Royal Navy, he played for Harlequins, 1929 to 1939; Surrey, 1930 to 1938; and for England, 1935/36, vs Ireland, Wales and New Zealand(3caps).
    </p>

    <h2>COMMITTEE 1948 to 1952</h2>
    <p>
        At the A.G.M., 26th October, 1948, the following known Officials were elected:
    </p>
    <ul>
        <li>President: Commander E.A. Hamilton-Hill</li>
        <li>Chairman: F. Hitchcock</li>
        <li>Hon. Secretary: T. Lewis</li>
        <li>Hon. Treasurer: W.M. Wren</li>
    </ul>
</body>
</html>

