<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN" 
    "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <head>
    <title>Social Events 1961/62</title>
    <style type="text/css">
      body {
        font-family: serif;
        margin: 5%;
      }
      h2 {
        text-align: center;
        font-weight: bold;
      }
      p {
        text-indent: 2em;
        line-height: 1.5;
      }
    </style>
  </head>
  <body>
    <p>Committee to reserve the same design for Life Members and in March, 1975, two such ties were presented to Mr. T.N. Ricketts and Mr. N.C. Morgan.</p>
  
    <h2>SOCIAL EVENTS 1961/62</h2>
  
    <p>
      Throughout the season various first class functions were arranged by Edgar Battye, Social Secretary, David Isted, Bar Manager, Vivian Morris, Secretary, and the Social Committee. The season opened with a Club Dance on the 4th November, 1961, and ended with an Open Air Supper Dance at the United Services Sports Club, Marsa (now called the Malta Sports Club) on the 7th July, 1962. For good measure a Supper Dance, with dancing to the R.M.A. Dance Band (Kirkop Brothers), was held at the Club House on the 24th March. The Annual Dinner was held at the U.S.S.C. on 5th April. Dancing to records took place after the meal. Other functions included Car Treasure Hunts, a Hot Pot Supper and a Roulette Night. The Social life was helped by the fact that every last Thursday in the month, as agreed at the A.G.M., was a Ladies night. Added to this, functions were arranged at the Club House by the Hawks (RAF), Overseas/Falcon (Fleet Air Arm Hal Far) and the Army R.U. (Malta). The Army entertained an Italian Army Rugby Team by holding a dance at the Club on the 1st March, 1962. The facilities of the Club House were certainly used.
    </p>
  
    <p>
      On the 29th March, 1962, it was decided to keep the Club House open on Friday evenings during April and May. The position was to be reviewed at the end of May although no decision was recorded as to whether the Club House remained open for the remainder of the Close season.
    </p>
  
    <p>
      In June, 1962, the General Manager of the Villa Rosa Beach Club, St. George's Bay, St. Julians, offered Block Membership to members of Overseas R.U.F.C. on the basis of half the normal single subscription rate. A number of members took up the offer.
    </p>
  
    <p>
      During September, 1962, a Touring cricket team called "The Romany Players" requested facilities for a Dance on Saturday, 8th September. Arrangements were duly made.
    </p>
  </body>
</html>

