<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN" 
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
    <title>Page 111</title>
    <style>
        body {
            font-family: serif;
            line-height: 1.5;
            margin: 20px;
        }
        h2 {
            text-align: center;
        }
        .indent {
            text-indent: 2em;
        }
        table {
            width: 100%;
            margin-top: 20px;
            border-collapse: collapse;
        }
        th, td {
            text-align: left;
            padding: 8px;
        }
    </style>
</head>
<body>
    <p class="indent">
        A Company registered in Malta. The Barclays Bank (Transfer of Business) Act 1975 was specially enacted by the Maltese 
        Parliament for the purpose of facilitating the transfer of the business to Mid-Med Bank Limited and to ensure the smooth 
        continuance of that business. The new bank had a share capital subscribed as 60% Malta Government and 40% by Barclays Bank 
        International Limited.
    </p>
    <h2>ELECTION OF LIFE MEMBER - TREVOR RICKETTS</h2>
    <p class="indent">
        At the Annual General Meeting on the 19th September, 1974 Trevor Ricketts was honoured by being elected an Hon. Life 
        Member of the Overseas Rugby and Sports Club. It was an honour well deserved. Mr. C. Fox, the retiring President, said of 
        Trevor 'Your Committee feel that there is a Member of the Club without whose unremitting hard work, helpful guidance and 
        efficient organization we would not be held in such high regard in the sporting world of the Island. No Club can be successful 
        without a dedicated Hon. Secretary and we have such a Secretary who has given up a tremendous amount of his time during the past 
        6 years in the running of our Club'.
    </p>
    <p class="indent">
        Besides his contribution to sport in general in Malta, Trevor had served Overseas continuously, in one office or another, since 
        arriving in Malta in September, 1967, and played for, or had played for, the 1st teams of all four Sections of the Club. He will 
        always be remembered for his sterling work in reforming Overseas after the temporary withdrawal of the British Forces from Malta 
        early 1972, and for his being the prime mover in Overseas becoming a Sports Club in September, 1973. Trevor also played a great 
        part in training youth and teaching rugby to the pupils at the Maltese Colleges.
    </p>
    <p class="indent">
        Trevor served the Club in the following capacities, up to 1976:-
    </p>
    <table>
        <tr>
            <td>Chairman Soccer Section since its inception in 1968</td>
            <td>8 years</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>Hon. Secretary, Overseas R.U.F.C.</td>
            <td>1969-73</td>
            <td>4 years</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>Hon. General Secretary, Overseas Rugby &amp; Sports Club</td>
            <td>1973-76</td>
            <td>3 years</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>Hon. Secretary, Overseas Cricket Section</td>
            <td>1972-74</td>
            <td>3 years</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>Served on the Social Committee</td>
            <td>1968/69</td>
            <td>1971-73</td>
            <td>3 years</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>Captain of Cricket Team</td>
            <td>1973-75</td>
            <td>3 years</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>Fitness training of Rugby Section Members Thursdays during Rugby season</td>
            <td>1967-74</td>
            <td>7 years</td>
        </tr>
    </table>
</body>
</html>

