<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN" 
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
    <title>1968/69 Report</title>
    <style type="text/css">
        body { font-family: monospace; }
        h1, h2, p { margin: 0; padding: 0; }
        pre { white-space: pre-wrap; }
    </style>
</head>
<body>
    <h1>1968/69</h1>
    <p>Annual General Meeting, Marsa Lodge, 12th September, 1968.</p>
    <p>The following Officials were elected:-</p>
    <pre>
President                      Mr. J.F. Ratcliffe
Vice-Presidents                Mr. N. Johnson
                               Mr. L. Duncan
                               Mr. J.D. Green
                               Mr. W. Woodley
                               Mr. T. Savage
Hon. Secretary and
Hon. Fixture Secretary         Mr. F. Kitson
Hon. Treasurer                 Mr. G. Sharkey
Hon. Social Secretary          Mr. C. Brown
Club House/Bar Manager         Mr. B.S. Jackson
Team Captain and
Hon. Team Secretary            Mr. R. Ravenscroft
Team Vice-Captain              Mr. J. Handford
Team Trainer
Selection Committee            Messrs. R. Ravenscroft, J. Handford
                               and J.P. Ratcliffe
Student Representative       
Inter Service Representatives  Sub. Lt. J. Miller, R.N.
                               Flt. Lt. L.C.V. Hill R.A.F.
                               Capt. M.R. Adams Army
Social Committee               Messrs. C. Brown (Secretary); T.
                               Ricketts; B.S. Jackson; C. Rice
                               G. Hepplestone and C. Charlton
Club Bar Helpers               Messrs. B.S. Jackson (Manager);
                               J. Woodrow; M. Perkins; H. Harris;
                               E. Lewis; P. Henshall and T. Savage
    </pre>

    <p>In accordance with the fact that Overseas no longer made payments from the Bar profits to the three Services, Rule 9 was amended as follows, leaving out any reference to the Services and stating only the month in which the A.G.M. is to be held and the date of the financial year ending.</p>

    <blockquote>
        <p>'Rule 9. The Annual General Meeting to be held in September and the financial year to end on the 31st August.'</p>
    </blockquote>

<p>The playing season of 1968/69 was a success. The Team Captain, Roy Ravenscroft, left Malta before the end of the season and the report was given by the Vice-Captain, Jack Handford. This makes interesting reading and I quote,</p>

<blockquote>
    <p>"The number of points scored '477' is a Club record, but balanced against this the number of points scored against '242' is also a record." (This does not include the game against the Army (Cyprus) on the 19th January, 1969, which Overseas won 11 points to 6.)</p>
</blockquote>

<p>"The R.A.F. side, known as the Hawks, were once again our bogey team and they beat us on 3 occasions. Other defeats were recorded against John Evans XV and R.A.F. College Cranwell (two touring sides). H.M.S. Fearless, Army Malta and the two regiments, although we beat the latter in return matches later in the season. Most notable of our wins were those mentioned.</p>
</body>
</html>

