<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN" 
    "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
    <title>Social Events 1973/74</title>
    <style type="text/css">
        body {
            font-family: "Courier New", Courier, monospace;
            margin: 2em;
        }
        h1 {
            text-align: center;
            margin-bottom: 0.5em;
        }
        p {
            text-align: justify;
            margin: 0.5em 0;
        }
    </style>
</head>
<body>
    <h1>SOCIAL EVENTS 1973/74</h1>
    <p>The amalgamation of the four Sections injected new life
    into the social activities of the Club. Not only were functions 
    organized by the Hon. General Social Secretary, Mr. P. Joerning, 
    but also additional functions were organized by each of the 
    Section Hon. Social Secretaries.</p>

    <p>The Film Evenings at the Club House continued as the main 
    social events and were well supported. From February these 
    evenings were arranged on the 2nd and 4th Thursdays of each 
    month. Once again we must thank Jack Sharp for the supply of 
    films and for arranging for Mr. Maurice Baldacchino to operate 
    the equipment. Also, once it became accepted that there was 
    a clash of interests between the Colts and some of the Senior 
    Members, separate films and functions were arranged for the 
    Junior Section.</p>

    <p>An attempt was made to enter an Overseas team in the 
    Bowling League. A dozen members turned out for a trial get 
    together at the Malta Bowling Club on the 9th March. Further 
    practices were arranged with the view of finding out if there 
    was enough interest. A good time was had by all, but the idea 
    came to nought.</p>

    <p>As has already been mentioned in the Rugby Section report 
    of 1973/74, we had been asked by the J.S.R.C. to host the touring 
    team, Hirwaun R.F.C. Unfortunately, the Club made extensive 
    preparations for their visit, including a disco at Marsa Lodge 
    on the 24th March, before learning of the cancellation of this 
    tour. This left a void when no social functions were held.</p>

    <p>The Annual Dinner Dance was held at the Preluna Hotel 
    Skyroom on the 30th March, 1974, and this event proved a 
    tremendous success, with 120 paying guests attending. As 
    Mr. Joerning said in his end of season report, it was an ideal 
    occasion to honour the 14 members, of all sections, who were 
    leaving the Island. Besides the official guests, Mr. & Mrs. 
    Colin Cauchie, the ladies of the 5 Colts who had played for the 
    1st team attended. The young ladies were the personal guests 
    of Mr. J. Sharp, Chairman of the Rugby Section. Commenting 
    in Committee, Mr. Sharp said that this dance was the best he 
    had attended in his 15 years association with the Club. All 
    credit was due to Peter Joerning for the organization and 
    success of the dance.</p>

    <p>Dinner Dances were also organized by the Football Section 
    at the Crystal Hotel, Bugibba, on the 19th January, and by the 
    Cricket Section at the Marsa Sports Club, on the 27th April. 
    Both dances were a great success and most enjoyable.</p>

    <p>A special farewell dinner was held at the Lancer Hotel, 
    Salina, in honour of Charlie and Jacky Rice when they left 
    Malta in June. Charlie had been a popular member of the Club 
    for 7 years and could only be described as a great character. 
    Besides being a star on the Rugby and Football field, Charlie 
    had the odd game of Cricket & Hockey for Overseas.</p>

    <p>For the final event of the season Peter Joerning organized 
    a barbecue during the summer at Armier. Peter deserves a great 
    deal of credit for the tireless effort, always with a touch 
    of quiet humour, he put into arranging social activities during 
    the season. In his end of season report the President said 
    'His [Peter's] organization this year was most efficient as 
    evidenced by the very successful dinner dance the Club held 
    at the Preluna Hotel'.</p>
</body>
</html>

