<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN" 
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
  <title>Soccer Section 1976/77</title>
</head>
<body>
  <h1 style="text-align: center;">SOCCER SECTION 1976/77</h1>
  <p style="text-align: center;">Annual General Meeting, Club House, 16th September, 1976</p>

  <p><b>Officials of the Soccer Section for 1976/77</b></p>
  <table>
    <tr><td>Chairman</td><td>T.N. Ricketts</td></tr>
    <tr><td>Hon. Secretary</td><td>J.J. Bonner</td></tr>
    <tr><td>Hon. Treasurer</td><td>D. Smith</td></tr>
    <tr><td>Hon. Social Secretary</td><td>T.G. Jordan</td></tr>
    <tr><td>Captain</td><td>J.J. Bonner</td></tr>
    <tr><td>Vice-Captain</td><td>D. Smith</td></tr>
  </table>

  <p>
    Again the Soccer Section had a difficult year in putting out a team in both the Major and Minor Leagues.
    As with all sections of the Club, the Soccer Section was increasingly feeling the effects of the imminent 
    withdrawal from Malta. In spite of this, in the words of the President, Trevor Ricketts, in his end of 
    season report, the Soccer Section, under the general leadership of Jeff Bonner, again managed to fulfil 
    their obligations in the Services' League and equip themselves fairly well, a tremendous spirit spread 
    throughout the whole team. Jeff himself confirmed this in saying that as one can see from results, 
    football was a struggle this year, but I think we all enjoyed ourselves nevertheless.
  </p>

  <h2>OVERSEAS SOCCER SECTION</h2>
  <h3>RESULTS FOR 1976/77</h3>

  <p><b>Major League - 'Corinthians'</b></p>
  <p>P12 - W 2 - D3 - L7 &nbsp; Goals For 20 &nbsp; Against 51 &nbsp; Points 7</p>
  <p>Bonner 10, Kiefer 2, Bonnar 2, Churchward 2</p>

  <p><b>Minor League Division I - 'Overseas'</b></p>
  <p>P14 - W4 - D2 - L8 &nbsp; Goals For 21 &nbsp; Against 35 &nbsp; Points 10</p>
  <p>Bonner 8, Smith 3, Cooper 3</p>

  <p>Winner of Minor League Division I &nbsp; Comcen (Malta)<br/>
  Winner of Minor League Division II &nbsp; St. George's</p>

  <p><b>Minor Units Knock-Out Cup Final</b></p>
  <p><u>2nd April at St. Andrews</u></p>
  <p>HQ Company, 41 Commando &nbsp; 1<br/>
     Engineering Wing &nbsp; 0</p>
</body>
</html>

