<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html 
    PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN" 
    "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
    <title>Cricket & Social Secretary Report</title>
</head>
<body>
    <p>
        I should like to take this opportunity to introduce myself 
        as the new Social Secretary. I am taking over from Derek 
        Henry, who is leaving the island, and I will endeavour to 
        uphold the standards set by him.
    </p>
    <p style="text-align: center;">
        (BEN BUSH)
        <br />
        CRICKET & SOCIAL SECRETARY, ORUFC
    </p>
    <p>
        The meeting of the 6th May was presided over by Mr. P. 
        Ratcliffe. 13 Members were present.
    </p>
    <p>The following were elected:-</p>
    <ul>
        <li>Team Captain: Mr. P. Cantello</li>
        <li>Vice Captains: Mr. B. Jackson, Mr. D. Agar</li>
    </ul>
    <p>
        Selection Committee: The President, Captain, two 
        Vice Captains and the Secretary
    </p>
    <p>
        At an Overseas General Committee Meeting on the 16th 
        March, 1966, an 'Official' Cricket Section was formed and 
        it was agreed that all new members of the Club would pay a 
        composite subscription to cover the Rugby and Cricket Sections. 
        The Cricket Section to be administered by a Sub-Committee 
        composed of a Chairman and two other officers to be elected 
        by the Cricket Section. Peter Ratcliffe was elected the first 
        Chairman. In his account of the 1966 summer season, Ratty said 
        that the main item was the entry of the cricket team into the 
        Combined Services League, which Overseas won. Between 1965 
        and 1970 the Cricket Section was 'sponsored' by the summer 
        bar takings although all expenditure was sanctioned by the main 
        Committee. In March, 1970, Mr. J. Christie, Cricket Section 
        Chairman, requested a grant of £30 per annum as a subsidy from 
        the main Club to the Cricket Section. The main Committee agreed 
        that the Cricket Section should be considered as a Sub-Section 
        and that any reasonable expenditure necessitated by this Section 
        would be viewed with consideration by the General Committee, 
        also that for the year 1970 the Cricket Section be allowed to 
        purchase equipment to the value of £30. From this point (1970 
        season) the Cricket Section, whilst accepting a subsidy from 
        the main Club at the start of each season to cover immediate 
        expenses, always attempted to be self-supporting by covering 
        this subsidy from match subscriptions and other methods of 
        fund raising.
    </p>
    <p>
        The Cricket Section, as a Section of Overseas, was 
        temporarily disbanded between the 30th December, 1971, and the 
        21st September, 1972, due to the British Services withdrawal.
        In the summer of 1973, Overseas Cricket Team was back in action 
        once again and in this season became Malta League Champions. 
        Also in 1973 season a kind donor presented the Cricket Section 
        with £50 and enabled them to more than return the £30 subsidy 
        for that year. From January, 1972, the Marsa Club came under 
        the management of the Maltese and its name was changed from the 
        United Services Sports Club to the Malta Sports Club. Cricket, 
        with its centre at the Marsa, came under the control of the 
        Malta Sports Club Cricket Section Committee. Although it is 
        for the Cricket Section to tell of their fortunes on the field, 
        it must be stated, that like the Rugby Section, the Cricket 
        Section has made a great contribution to sport in Malta, 
        and helped to make 'Overseas' a respected name.
    </p>
</body>
</html>

