<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
    <head>
        <title>Page 136</title>
        <style type="text/css">
            body { font-family: "Times New Roman", Times, serif; }
            .page-number { text-align: right; }
            .content { text-align: justify; }
            .emphasis { font-weight: bold; }
        </style>
    </head>
    <body>
        <div class="page-number">136</div>
        <div class="content">
            <p><span class="emphasis">Throughout</span> the summer Malta enjoyed good and exciting cricket from touring sides from U.K. In April we had the Speedbirds, a cricket organization of British Airways, and at the end of May we had a team from Panteg, Glamorganshire, who chose Malta for their centenary celebrations. Then, at the end of August, the Old Boys of the Royal Grammar School, Worcester, under the name of the Old Vigornians, visited us. The end of the season was more like a cricket festival. Starting late September we had the Blighters from Cheshire and Lancashire, followed in quick succession by the Mendip Acorns from the West Country, 2 - 10 October, Bill Frindall's XI, 10 - 17 October, and finally the Forty Club, 18 October. The touring sides played against individual Civilian and Services sides, Combined Civilian XIs, Combined Services XIs, and also against the full Malta XIs. Overseas played the Old Vigornians on September 2nd and Mendip Acorns on October 2nd. The Forty Club included Fred Trueman, and the Mendip Acorns included Don Shepherd, amongst their players.</p>

            <p>The season produced a veritable feast of cricket at the Marsa from April to October in which Overseas members played a full part. For Overseas, in spite of some good wins in the league, our success was limited until late in the season when we reached the final of the 1976 Government Tourist Board Trophy for the first time. The final was held on the 23rd October and here we came off second best to the M.S.C. Overseas Team Captain, Mike Newton, in describing our improvement in play, said Overseas had found a real <span class="emphasis">gem</span> in Ken Dobell, his last few knocks being 117, 33, 73 not out, 65 not out, and 35 not out, plus Trevor batting like a man inspired and the steady batting of Gerry Davey, so our fortune with the bat had taken a turn very much for the better. We could look forward to next season with very much more confidence.</p>
        </div>
    </body>
</html>

