<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN" 
    "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <head>
    <title>R.U.F.C. Tour</title>
    <meta charset="UTF-8" />
  </head>
  <body>
    <p>with the party in the bus.</p>
    
    <p>All members of the touring party thoroughly enjoyed the tour, the games, the hospitality, and the people. For the 3 days it was constantly raining or drizzling and we all returned to Malta with huge black umbrellas bought in Messina – a future symbol of our Tour status. Our President, Peter Ratcliffe, was henceforth known as 'Il Magnifico Presidente', and our battle cry for future games during that season at the Marsa was 'Forza' and 'Avanti'. Only Peter Ratcliffe and John Why could speak any Italian and we were constantly relying on their good offices. The total cost of the Tour to each member of the touring party was only £10.3s7d.</p>
    
    <h3>Members of Overseas R.U.F.C. party to tour Messina</h3>
    
    <table>
      <tr>
        <td>President</td>
        <td>J.P. Ratcliffe</td>
      </tr>
      <tr>
        <td>Team Captain and Team</td>
        <td>B.S. Jackson</td>
      </tr>
      <tr>
        <td>Secretary (Player)</td>
        <td>N.C. Morgan</td>
      </tr>
      <tr>
        <td>Hon. Secretary</td>
        <td>C.A. O'Regan</td>
      </tr>
      <tr>
        <td>Referee</td>
        <td>(both games were reffed by Italian Officials)</td>
      </tr>
      <tr>
        <td>Vice-Captain(Player)</td>
        <td>J.R.H. Handford</td>
      </tr>
    </table>

    <h3>Players</h3>
    
    <table>
      <tr>
        <td>T.R. Ricketts</td>
        <td>P. Miller</td>
      </tr>
      <tr>
        <td>J.B. Symes</td>
        <td>M.R. Perkins</td>
      </tr>
      <tr>
        <td>C.J. Why</td>
        <td>C. Brown</td>
      </tr>
      <tr>
        <td>A.P. Wilde</td>
        <td>P.R. Hamilton-Hill</td>
      </tr>
      <tr>
        <td>C. Charlton</td>
        <td>R.A. Squires</td>
      </tr>
      <tr>
        <td>C.G. Rice</td>
        <td>I.T. Dewar</td>
      </tr>
      <tr>
        <td>P. Parker</td>
        <td>J. Nicolson</td>
      </tr>
      <tr>
        <td>A. Quinn</td>
        <td>On holiday in Sicily, joined party at Messina</td>
      </tr>
    </table>
    
    <p>On the 24th February, 1968, Overseas entered two teams in the Inter Service 7 a-side competition. Overseas 'A' won the Cup and Overseas 'B' was runner-up in the Plate.</p>
    
    <p>The first touring team of the season was the R.A.F. from Cyprus. In a game at the Marsa on the 25th February, 1968 we were beaten by 3 points to 23.</p>
    
    <p>On the 5th April, 1968, an article in the Times of Malta stated that Malta's small rugby community was very fortunate to be able to close their 1967/68 season with the visit of 3 touring sides from 3 different countries.</p>
    
    <table>
      <thead>
        <tr>
          <th>Team</th>
          <th>Length of Tour</th>
        </tr>
      </thead>
      <tbody>
        <tr>
          <td>Nomads RFC(Tripoli)</td>
          <td>5th to 7th April</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td>John Evans Party(Wales)</td>
          <td>12th to 17th April</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td>CUS (Messina)</td>
          <td>13th to 16th April</td>
        </tr>
      </tbody>
    </table>
    
    <table>
      <thead>
        <tr>
          <th>Date</th>
          <th>Teams & Scores</th>
          <th>Referees</th>
        </tr>
      </thead>
      <tbody>
        <tr>
          <td>Fri. 5th April</td>
          <td>Combined Services 39<br/>Nomads 0</td>
          <td>Sub. Lt. J.H. Miller</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td>Sat. 6th April</td>
          <td>Overseas 35<br/>Nomads 8</td>
          <td>Staff Sgt. W.J. Thomas</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td>Sat. 13th April</td>
          <td>Overseas 7<br/>CUS 3</td>
          <td>Fl. Lt. C.A. O'Regan</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td>Mon. 15th April</td>
          <td>Overseas 9<br/>CUS 11</td>
          <td>Capt. L. Lees</td>
        </tr>
      </tbody>
    </table>
    
  </body>
</html>

