<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html 
  PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN" 
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
  <title>Page 113</title>
  <meta charset="UTF-8"/>
  <style>
    body {
      font-family: "Times New Roman", serif;
      line-height: 1.5;
    }
    p {
      margin-bottom: 1em;
    }
    .indent {
      text-indent: 2em;
    }
  </style>
</head>
<body>

  <p class="indent">
    up in the previous season.
  </p>

  <p class="indent">
    Overseas Representatives on the Joint Services Rugby Committee for 1974/75 were the Team Captain, Niall Armstrong, and the Junior Member Representative, Jim Masuvalo.
  </p>

  <p class="indent">
    Once again, Jack Sharp, Rugby Section Chairman, worked hard behind the scenes arranging with the Secretary of the National Sports Board, Mr Colin Cauchi, for Overseas to use the rugby pitches at the Marsa. Two pitches remained. We were guaranteed use of the main pitch (Ex Navy no 1), running parallel to and about 100 yards from the Stadium, for the season, and use of the smaller pitch, below the main pitch and parallel to the golf course, for the start of the season. The smaller pitch had been used mainly for the 'B' team games. Unfortunately, early March, 1975, we lost the 'B' team pitch completely and the main pitch was re-sited by moving it approximately 15 yards nearer to the Stadium. This situation arose when part of the rugby playing area was taken to enlarge the golf course. To mark the new boundary for the golf course a fence was erected across the 'B' team pitch, continuing along the length of and a number of yards inside the main pitch, right up to the existing fence which guarded the ditch running through the Marsa. Work on the new boundary fence was already in progress when Dave Snaith, Overseas Grounds Manager, went to mark the pitches on Friday, 7th March, and by this time it was across the 'B' team pitch and into the dead ball line of the main pitch. Jack Sharp immediately contacted the National Sports Board and managed to delay work on the fence until the following week, thereby allowing the 1st team game arranged for Sunday, 9th March, to be played, and also for the main pitch to be re-sited before completion of the fence.
  </p>

  <p class="indent">
    A great deal of hard work was put in, and time given, by Dave Snaith and also the Team Captain, Niall Armstrong, in looking after the grounds, especially when the one ground was lost to us and the main pitch, now the only remaining pitch at the Marsa, was re-sited. Both were very active in attempts to have the pitch re-seeded, without success. Fortunately, the pitch was watered by the National Sports Board throughout the summer of 1975 and so the pitch was kept in good condition without seeding.
  </p>

  <p class="indent">
    Rugby in Malta during the second half of the 1974/75 season was enriched by three touring sides from the U.K. and one from Sicily, namely, Bedford Athletic, Pembroke, Moseley, and the Messina Rugby Clan, and the season ended with a feast of good rugby. Arrangements for the visits of the teams from the U.K. were mostly made by the Joint Services Rugby Committee. However, the ground work for Moseley's visit was done by one of our Vice-Presidents, Mr. D. Alexander, himself a Member of the Moseley Club. Moseley, a superbly drilled and strong side were easily the best of the visiting teams and remained unbeaten during their tour. When Moseley beat a Malta XV by 26 points to 6 on the 2nd April, the score represented the difference between the two teams. The team from Sicily, the Messina Rugby Clan, toured Malta mainly because of their own insistence in making the trip to play Overseas. Initially, Overseas approached Messina University (CUS) for Overseas to make a tour to Sicily with the possibility of CUS making a return visit. Unfortunately, CUS replied saying it was impractical this season and at the same time they informed Messina Rugby Clan of our interest. When Messina Rugby Clan approached Overseas asking if they could tour Malta at Easter, 1975, they refused to be put off when informed
  </p>

</body>
</html>

