<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
    <title>Soccer Section 1975/76</title>
</head>
<body>
    <h1 style="text-align:center;">SOCCER SECTION 1975/76</h1>
    <h2>Annual General Meeting, Club House, 11th September, 1975.</h2>

    <p>The following Officials were elected:-</p>
    <ul>
        <li>Chairman: T.W. Ricketts</li>
        <li>Hon. Secretary: J.J. Bonner</li>
        <li>Hon. Treasurer: G. Porter</li>
        <li>Hon. Social Secretary: G. Porter</li>
        <li>Team Captain: J.J. Bonner</li>
        <li>Vice-Captain: D. Smith</li>
        <li>Selection Committee: Chairman, Captain and Vice-Captain</li>
    </ul>
    
    <p>Throughout the 1975/76 season the Soccer Section had difficulty in raising a team of comparable standard with previous seasons. This was particularly so in the Minor League and there were fears that we might be relegated to Division II at the end of this season. Fortunately, these fears were not realised.</p>
    
    <p>The main problem was trying to replace the experienced players who left Malta during the summer months and this proved almost impossible. This was aggravated by the occasional clash of Soccer Section and Rugby Section fixtures on Saturdays. The fact that one or two members who played both codes might chose to play rugby was a serious matter when the Soccer Section had so few players to chose from. This led to the Section Secretary, Mr. J. Bonner, approaching the General Committee for priority to be given to Soccer on Saturdays. After the start of the season, Jeff Bonner reported using schoolboys in the Major League, although the Minor League XI was made up of all Overseas players. In January, 1976, the League Management Committee queried the constitution of our membership with reference to one of our players, although this was cleared up to our satisfaction at a League Management Committee Meeting in the February. Our point that our constitution allowed a certain amount of freedom of choice of players was agreed to, provided we informed the Management Committee of any players we used.</p>

    <p>In April, 1976, the Soccer Section lost another good player and hard working Committee man in Gerry Porter. Gerry had been Treasurer for 2 years, 1974-76, and in his final year also took on the task of Social Secretary.</p>

    <h2>OVERSEAS SOCCER SECTION</h2>
    <p>League Results up to the 23rd March, 1976.</p>

    <h3>Major League - 'Corinthiens'</h3>
    <p>P12 - W3 - D4 - L5 &nbsp;&nbsp; Points 10 &nbsp;&nbsp; 4th in League</p>

    <h3>Minor League - 'Overseas'</h3>
    <p>P 9 - W2 - D3 - L4 &nbsp;&nbsp; Points 7 &nbsp;&nbsp; 6th in League<br />
    Winners of Division I &nbsp; St. Angelo</p>

    <h3>Minor Units Knock-Out Cup Final 10th April, 1976 at Luqa</h3>
    <p>St Angelo &nbsp;&nbsp; 4<br />
    HQ Company &nbsp;&nbsp; 1</p>
    
</body>
</html>

