<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
    "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <head>
    <title>Part III - 1973/74</title>
    <style type="text/css">
      body {
        font-family: serif;
        margin: 2em;
        line-height: 1.5;
      }
      .center {
        text-align: center;
      }
    </style>
  </head>
  <body>
    <div class="center">
      <p><strong>PART III</strong></p>
      <p><strong>1973/74</strong></p>
      <p><strong>'OVERSEAS' BECOMES A RUGBY AND SPORTS CLUB</strong></p>
    </div>

    <p>Annual General Meeting, 21, Flagstone Wharf, Marsa, 20<sup>th</sup> September, 1973.</p>

    <p>
      At this meeting members were asked to vote on perhaps the most
      controversial issue in the history of the Club. A motion was put forward
      to change the rules of the Club, a motion which was to change the
      structure of the Club completely. It was, in effect, to change the name
      of the Club from Overseas Rugby Union Football Club to Overseas Rugby and
      Sports Club, for the affairs of the Club to be run by a General Committee,
      and for the Club to embrace not only rugby and cricket as sections of the
      Club, but any other sporting factions who applied to become part of the 
      Club and could satisfy the General Committee as to their viability.
    </p>

    <p>
      The resolution was put forward by Mr. T.N. Ricketts and seconded by Mr. C.
      Rice. In Mr. Ricketts' own words, "The amalgamation of the other sports
      clubs with the Club would not take away the name of Overseas R.U.F.C., but
      would try to bring under one roof all finances for the betterment of sport
      in Malta in general. Many people were paying out two or three lots of
      fees in order to belong to these clubs. The financial position of the Club
      would be improved. The bar would be open more therefore increasing the bar
      profits. Social functions would improve and the name of Overseas would be
      perpetuated by many Clubs. The identity of the Rugby section would not be
      lost as it would bring all sportsmen together."
    </p>

    <p>
      The basic idea behind the proposal was good. On an Island as small as
      Malta, a number of men were playing 2 or 3 different sports over each
      weekend, particularly during the winter season, and also, as has been
      stated, paying subscriptions to each sport. The same men were mostly from
      the comparatively small band of U.K. Based Civilians and Service Units,
      and so they not only met on the field but at many social functions as
      well. Very naturally, a number of rugby 'Die-hards' who had put a great
      deal into the Club, some over a number of years, had no wish to see, nor
      could they see the need of, other sports being amalgamated in the Club.
      Also, one must not forget that the Club funds had been hard won by these
      same rugby players at functions and over the bar. There was a genuine fear
      that these funds could be used to subsidize other sports.
    </p>

    <p>
      Mr. Ricketts answered all questions put to him, as regards the intentions
      behind the resolution, with sufficient clearness to ease most members'
      minds. Most points raised were covered in the rules as proposed in the
      resolution. He said that up to that time all Clubs (Soccer and Hockey) had
      been self supporting and therefore, after inclusion within our umbrella,
      all sections would again be expected to be self supporting. The initial
      Committee would consider each Section's financial needs at the start of
      each season. Any grant given to a section at the start of a season must be
      repaid. Mr. Ricketts also said that there was nothing in the rules against
      lady members, a ladies team could join under the same conditions.
    </p>
  </body>
</html>

