<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
  <title>James Andrews Document</title>
  <style type="text/css">
    body { font-family: monospace; }
    h2, h3 { text-align: center; }
    .section-title { text-align: center; font-weight: bold; margin-top: 20px; margin-bottom: 10px; }
    .year { margin-left: 20px; }
  </style>
</head>
<body>
  <h2>JAMES ANDREWS</h2>
  <p>James Andrews left Malta on the 30th May, 1979, after 4 years as a rugby player and official with Overseas. Besides his work in keeping Flagstone Wharf open to Overseas as a Club House, James was a capable Team Captain and player, and also a very efficient President and Chairman. On leaving Malta James continued as President up to the AGM in September, 1979, with Cyril Fox chairing all meetings.</p>
  
  <p class="year">
    1975/76 Hon. Treasurer, Rugby Section<br />
    1976/77 Hon. General Treasurer<br />
    <span style="margin-left: 63px;">Hon. Treasurer, Rugby Section</span><br />
    <span style="margin-left: 63px;">Vice-Captain</span><br />
    <span style="margin-left: 63px;">Selection Committee</span><br />
    1977/78 Vice-President<br />
    <span style="margin-left: 63px;">Hon. General Treasurer</span><br />
    <span style="margin-left: 63px;">Hon. Treasurer, Rugby Section</span><br />
    <span style="margin-left: 63px;">Fixture Secretary</span><br />
    <span style="margin-left: 63px;">Team Captain</span><br />
    <span style="margin-left: 63px;">Selection Committee</span><br />
    <span style="margin-left: 63px;">Bar Committee</span><br />
    1978/79 President
  </p>

  <h3 class="section-title">MEMBERSHIP</h3>
  <p>The last recorded Membership for 1977/78 was on the 18th April, 1978, before the Calypso Diving Club members increased numbers. This came to 103. For 1978/79, with the departure of the British Services at the end of March, 1979, it had been expected that Membership would drop drastically. Fortunately, as David Schembri, Membership Secretary, was able to report at the A.G.M. on the 27th September, 1979, the loss of members from Service personnel was made good by Calypso members joining Overseas. On this date, the Calypso Section made up 75% of the overall membership which stood at 92. The last ever recorded Membership of Overseas Rugby and Sports Club before the Closure, when the total stood at 70 paid-up Members, was on the 18th February, 1980.</p>

  <h3 class="section-title">MALTA CAVALIERS</h3>
  <p>On returning to UK late summer 1978, Trevor Ricketts, Life Member of Overseas, was determined to keep the ex-members of Overseas together, and in some way keep the memory of the Club alive. At the Annual General Meeting, 27th September, 1979, the Chairman, Cyril Fox, reported that Trevor had revived the old Overseas Cricket XI as the Malta Cavaliers. The Cavaliers meet for approximately one week each year in late summer when a short Tour is undertaken. The Tour in 1980 was made to Hampshire where they played 4 games. During this tour, on behalf of the Overseas Rugby and Sports Club, Cyril Fox presented the Cavaliers with a cheque for £50 from the Overseas funds.</p>

</body>
</html>

