<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN" 
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
  <title>Page 124</title>
  <meta charset="UTF-8" />
  <style>
    body {
      font-family: Arial, sans-serif;
      margin: 2em;
    }
  </style>
</head>
<body>

<p>
  one being paid for by Mr. Taylor himself and presented to the
  Club. The plaque itself was made of wood and the inserts of
  the 'design' and 'Overseas R.S.C.' were made of plaster. The
  intention was to present a plaque when it was deemed necessary
  to a visiting team and such a presentation was made to the
  Yugoslav touring team 'Energoinvest' on the 21st March, 1976.
  Also, in March, 1976, Mr. J. Sharp and Mr. J. Hughes produced
  sample pennants, the latter from 6 girls at S.C.S. Tal Handq.
  Authority was given by the General Committee for Section
  representatives to ask Mr. Hughes to commission pennants as
  need arose. In actual fact, with a replica of the sample
  pennant as produced by the schoolgirls being unavailable, a
  pennant was purchased from Sports Dealer, Emmanuel Said,
  Britannia Street, Valletta, embossed with the Club Badge as on
  the Car Sticker, and presented to Energoinvest, together with
  the aforementioned plaque, and a number of Club ties (3 were
  mentioned in minutes prior to the presentation, although I
  believe 6 were given).
</p>

<h2>OFFICIALS LEAVING MALTA - 1975/76</h2>
<p>
  Officials leaving Malta during this season included our
  President, Mr. D.J. Taylor. Dave left Malta in July, 1976, after
  serving the Club for 6 years in many capacities. His departure
  was a big loss to the Club and appreciation of this fact was
  shown by his being elected an Hon. Life Member, details of which
  are given on a following page. Also included amongst those
  leaving, with full details under separate headings, were Mr.
  N. Armstrong and Mr. J. Handford.
</p>
<p>
  Another hard worker for Overseas, and therefore whose departure
  in April, 1976, was a loss to the Club, was Mr. G. Porter. Gerry
  took an active part in the Soccer Section (Hon. Treasurer 1974-
  76, Hon. Social Secretary 1975/76), the Cricket Section (Hon.
  Social Secretary 1974/75), and also the Hockey Section.
</p>
<p>
  Finally amongst the leavers I must include myself. I left
  Malta in July, 1976. On previous occasions when I left Malta I
  knew I would be returning, but this time it was almost certainly
  final. With Overseas Club being so much part of my life since
  1948, it was a sad occasion. My greatest hope was that Overseas
  would continue to exist as a Club, in one form or another, after
  the British presence was finally withdrawn in March, 1979.
</p>

<h2>NIALL ARMSTRONG</h2>
<p>
  Niall left Malta in October, 1975, and his departure was a
  loss to rugby in general in Malta and to Overseas in particular.
  For 3 years he had given a great deal of his time and energy to
  rugby in Malta, both as a player and as an organizer. As Overseas
  XV Team Captain he represented Overseas on the Joint Services
  Rugby Committee and was therefore also our Fixture Secretary.
  He was an automatic choice as hooker, latterly as Team Captain,
  of the Malta XV. He was a great Team Captain and Club man,
  and very popular.
</p>
<p>
  Overseas will always be grateful to Niall for coming to the
  rescue when we were without a Club House in 1972. As General
  Manager of Andrews Feeds Limited, Malta, he obtained permission
  from his Directors for Overseas to use their premises at 21,
  Flagstone Wharf, Marsa, and to fit out same as a Club House.
</p>

</body>
</html>

