<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN" 
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
  <title>Page 128</title>
  <style type="text/css">
    body { font-family: serif; margin: 20px; }
    .page-number { text-align: right; font-weight: bold; }
    .result { margin-top: 20px; font-weight: bold; }
  </style>
</head>
<body>
  <div class="page-number">128</div>
  
  <p>Alma Battery, and at 'B' team level the only regular local teams were Overseas, 41 Cdo and R.A.F. Luqa. Other teams who managed to put out a team on the odd occasion at 'B' team level were 203 Sqdn (R.A.F.), Mtarfa, St. Edwards College and S.C.S. Tal Handaq. This meant that players, particularly in our 'B' team, who met 41 Cdo six times during the season, began to think, 'Oh, not again!'. However, notwithstanding this situation, the season was exceedingly enjoyable rugbywise. The first four games of the season for Overseas were against visiting naval ships, all wins, and the final game of the season for Overseas was against the touring team Energoinvest R.C. from Makarska, Yugoslavia. Good rugby was also provided by two touring sides from S. Wales Deri R.F.C. and Abercarn R.F.C., although Overseas did not have a fixture against them. The tours by the two S. Wales sides were organized by the J.S.R.C. Overseas was represented in the Malta XV against Deri by B. Charnley, D. Schembri, and W. Wood, and in the Malta XV against Abercarn by B. Charnley. Overseas entered two teams in the Inter Service 7's on the 28th March, 1976, with Overseas 'A' being beaten in the semi final by 41 Cdo, the eventual winners of the competition. At the outset of the season Mr. J. Hodgen, Tours Secretary, attempted to arrange a tour to Messina to play Messina Rugby Clan. This failed through lack of support.</p>

  <p>The highlight of the 1975/76 season was the visit to Malta by Energoinvest Rugby Club from Makarska, near Split, Yugoslavia, between the 19th and 26th March, 1976. The initial approach to our Club for this tour, by Mr. Marko Protega, General Secretary of the Yugoslav Rugby Federation (Ragbi Savez Yugoslavia), was made at Federation level, after finding our Club address in the R.F.U. Twickenham handbook. From this point, all arrangements for the tour were made between Overseas General Secretary, Mr. T.N. Ricketts, and Mr. Marko Protega, acting as Tour Manager for Energoinvest R.C. The touring party of 25 travelled by Yugoslav Airlines (JAT) and stopped, at their own expense, at the Villa Rosa, St. George’s Bay. With kind permission of Capt. L. Pace, B.E.A. Manager at Sliema, they were met with due ceremony on the airport tarmac by our President, Mr. D.J. Taylor, accompanied by Mr. Ricketts and Mr. J. Sharp, Rugby Section Chairman. They were an extremely talented and sporting side and this resulted in two very good games, the first on Sunday, 21st March, versus Overseas, and the second on Wednesday, 24th March, versus a Malta Select XV, both on our regular pitch at the Marsa. We had hoped to play the two games on the Marsa Stadium pitch which at this time was mainly a soccer pitch. Permission was received from the National Sports Board, and by courtesy of the R.A.F., the Naval Sports Officer, Lt. B. Traynor, had actually had the rugby posts transported from Hal Far, but due to last minute disagreement by the Maltese soccer fraternity, we were not able to install them. Our own posts had proved too rotten to move.</p>

  <p>The game against Overseas was very exciting and looked upon by Energoinvest as a 'Friendly International'(Prijateljska Medunardona). Overseas, well led by their Captain, Brain Charnley, played well and fully contributed to a fast and open game. Overseas were beaten by a fitter side and superior threequarter play.</p>

  <div class="result">
    <p>Result: Overseas 20<br />
    Energoinvest 30</p>
  </div>

</body>
</html>

