<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN" 
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <head>
    <title>Club History</title>
    <style type="text/css">
      body { font-family: serif; }
    </style>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1>Club History</h1>
    <p>
      (1966/67), besides being Vice-President, 1961/62, President, 1962-66, 
      and serving on the Bar Committee, 1963-65, had helped the Club in many 
      ways behind the scenes. One of the more obvious ways in which he helped 
      the Club was to provide all the necessities to hold Film Evenings. It is 
      very difficult to talk of Jack in the past tense, as he is still, at the 
      time of writing this history (1975/76), one of the mainstays of the Club. 
      However, we will keep to the 1966 A.G.M. for the present.
    </p>
    <p>
      Vivian Morris, after 6½ years as Hon. Secretary, felt the time had come 
      to hand over to a successor. Vivian joined the Overseas in 1959 and in the 
      following seven years, besides the Office of Hon. Secretary, held the 
      Offices of Hon. Fixture Secretary, 1959/60 and 1965/66; Hon. Team Secretary, 
      1960-62; Caretaker Bar Manager during the close season 1962; and served on 
      the Club House/Bar Committee, 1959/60; 1961/62 and 1964/65. He rendered the 
      Club invaluable service. Vivian was succeeded by Mr. E.W. Platt, who, 
      unfortunately, was due to leave before the next A.G.M. For this reason an 
      Assistant Hon. Secretary was elected at the A.G.M. 1966.
    </p>
    <p>
      Ralph McGillivray had been with the Club for 5 years and his record was also 
      quite impressive. Ralph an Overseas player for 3 years became Team Captain for 
      the 1964/62 season. He served on the Social Committee, 1962/63; the Bar 
      Committee, 1963/64; and Bar Manager, 1964-66. Ralph was also a first class referee.
    </p>
    <h2>Playing Season</h2>
    <p>
      The Team Captain, Brian Jackson, in his end of season report, said that 
      1966/67 was another successful season - most games which we lost were against 
      combinations. The highlights of the season were the two games against H.M.S. Hermes, 
      the Inter Unit 7's Championship, and the end of season tour by the Penguins. The 
      only players that Brian mentioned were David Agar and Philip Parker for the number 
      of points they scored, and Jack Handford for leading the team when he (Brian) was 
      injured. Mention should also be made of Ted Platt, who, at the age of 43, played in 
      practically every game during the two seasons 1964-66. Ted also Captained the side 
      on the odd occasion. Two pupils of the SCS Tal Handaq, Brian Jackson and Ken Lawrence, 
      are also worthy of mention. Brian played for Overseas for 4 seasons (1963-67) at scrum 
      half, he also Captained the School XV for 2 seasons. Brian is no relation of Brian 
      Jackson, Team Captain. Ken Lawrence played for Overseas for 3 seasons (1964-67) at centre 
      and stand off. Ken was Vice-Captain of the School XV and Student Representative on 
      Overseas General Committee. Both were selected for the full Malta XV for the match against 
      the Penguins. The Cup for the Most Improved Player of the Year was won by John Hitt.
    </p>
    <p>
      Overseas entered two teams in the Inter Unit Seven-a-side Rugby Championship played at 
      the Marsa on Saturday, 25th February, 1967. Overseas 'A' lost to RAF Hawks 'A' in the final, 
      14 points to 5. Interesting details of the 7's issued by the Secetary of the Combined 
      Services Malta Sports Board were as follows:
    </p>
  </body>
</html>

