<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" standalone="no"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN" 
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
    <title>Annual General Meeting 1978/79</title>
    <style type="text/css">
        body {
            font-family: sans-serif;
            white-space: pre-wrap;
        }
    </style>
</head>
<body>
    <h1>1978/79</h1>

    <p>Annual General Meeting, Club House, 21 Flagstone Wharf, Marsa,<br />
    21st September, 1978.<br />
    Present 11 Members.</p>

    <p>The following Officials were elected:-</p>

    <pre>
President              J. Andrews           (Left Malta May, 1979)
Vice-Presidents        J. Sharp
                       C. Fox               (Took over duties of Chairman
                                            as from 5th April, 1979)
                       
                       D. Alexander
Hon. General Secretary F. Roberts           (Left Malta March, 1979)
Hon. General Treasurer T. Agius-Ferrante
Hon. Social Secretary  D. Schembri
Hon. Membership Secretary  "
Team Captain               "
Bar Manager           C. Borda
Member                E. Macpherson         (Retiring Secretary, co-opted
                                            until he left Malta in
                                            October, 1978)
    </pre>

    <p>Joint Services Representative  R. Stringer (Invited to sit on committee)<br />
    Calypso Diving Club Representative D. Holt</p>

    <p>Members co-opted after A.G.M.</p>

    <pre>
Hon. Assistant Secretary G. Attard        (Co-opted January, 1979.
                                           Took over duties of General
                                           Secretary March, 1979)
Referee Representative   P. Miller        (Left Malta March, 1979)
Member                   D. Gribbon
Schools Representative   C. Mock          (St. Edwards College)
        "                J. Taylor        (De la Salle College)
    </pre>

    <p>
    At the Annual General Meeting the President, Mr. J. Andrews, recorded with 
    regret the closing of the Cricket, Hockey and Soccer Sections, and noted that 
    the Club name remained Overseas Rugby and Sports Club, thus leaving the 
    possibility for further expansion in the future. In fact, to the end, there was 
    no further expansion. As has been stated, the Calypso Diving Club did not become 
    a section of Overseas although their representative sat on Overseas Committee and 
    their members were Full Members of Overseas Club. With the closing of the 
    sections it was accepted by members attending the A.G.M. that the Club should 
    revert to its original form, i.e., no separate Cricket, Hockey and Soccer 
    Sections, and that the President should thus chair all meetings. This was 
    reverting Overseas to the form it took before the A.G.M. of the 20th September, 
    1973, when it was changed from a pure Rugby Club to a Rugby and Sports Club. 
    This meant a change in the Club Rules. In making these changes it was also 
    taken into consideration that the British Services would be leaving Malta at the 
    end of March, 1979, and thus, for the first time since the Club was founded, the 
    need for the Services to be worded into the rules no longer existed. It was 
    decided to up-date the normal Full Membership qualifications, since the Service 
    and UK Based Civilian qualifications were hardly valid any longer. The 
    subscriptions were raised from £1M-00 to £1M-50.
    </p>

    <p>I reproduce in full the Rules as formed at the A.G.M., 1978, and except for 
    the fact that the word 'Malta' had to be taken out of the name of the Club, they 
    were the Rules in use at the closure.</p>
    
</body>
</html>

