<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN" 
    "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
    <title>Touring Sides Diary 1975</title>
    <style type="text/css">
        body { font-family: "Courier New", monospace; }
        .center { text-align: center; }
        .bold { font-weight: bold; }
        .indent { margin-left: 2em; }
    </style>
</head>
<body>
    <p>members of the Lancashire and Cheshire Cricket Lovers Society, 
        and finally in October, Bill Frindall, the B.B.C. Radio Cricket 
        Commentator, who toured Malta in 1974 as a player in Bertie 
        Joel's XI, brought out his own party. Overseas played matches 
        against the Mendip Acorns and the Blighters, losing both matches.</p>

    <p class="center bold">TOURING SIDES DIARY 1975</p>

    <p class="indent bold">Mendip Acorns - May 22nd - 29th</p>
    <p class="indent">Sat 24th May Mendip Acorns vs M.S.C.<br/>
    Sun 25th May vs Malta XI<br/>
    Wed 28th May vs R.A.F. Luqa<br/>
    Thur 29th May vs Overseas</p>

    <p class="indent bold">The Blighters - September 20th - 30th</p>
    <p class="indent">Sat 20th Sept Blighters vs Combined Services<br/>
    Sun 21st Sept vs M.S.C.<br/>
    Wed 24th Sept vs R.A.F. Luqa<br/>
    Sat 27th Sept vs Overseas<br/>
    Sun 28th Sept vs Malta XI<br/>
    Tues 30th Sept vs Army/Navy</p>

    <p class="indent bold">Mendip Acorns - October 2nd - 9th</p>
    <p class="indent">Sat 4th Oct Mendip Acorns vs Combined Civilians<br/>
    Sun 5th Oct vs Malta XI<br/>
    Mon 6th Oct vs M.S.C.<br/>
    Wed 8th Oct vs Combined Civilians</p>

    <p class="indent bold">Bill Frindalls XI - October 11th - 19th</p>
    <p class="indent">Sat 11th Oct Bill Frindalls XI vs RAF Luqa<br/>
    Sun 12th Oct vs Combined Civilians<br/>
    Mon 13th Oct vs John Appleyard's XI<br/>
    Wed 15th Oct vs Combined Services<br/>
    Sat 18th Oct vs Malta<br/>
    Sun 19th Oct vs Malta</p>

    <p>A new competition called the 'Government Tourist Board 
        Trophy' was started in 1975 but through forces of circumstances 
        the final, between 41 Cdo and the M.S.C., had to be left for 
        early 1976 Season. The Government Tourist Board Trophy had 
        taken the place of the traditional Governor's Cup Knock-out.</p>

    <p>Cricket Section expenses for 1975 were high. To offset 
        this the Club advanced £M40 for local expenses, also £34 Stg. 
        to buy kit in the U.K. All but a marginal amount was repaid. 
        In order to boost Section income the Treasurer, Lew Finnis, 
        organized a weekly raffle so successfully that he raised 
        approximately £M25 over the season. In anticipation of this 
        financial need the match fee had been raised at the start of 
        the season to 30 cents per game and this had raised £M47.40 
        This effort speaks highly for all members of the Committee 
        and players.</p>

    <p>In common with other sections the Cricket Section lost 
        a number of players leaving Malta during the season, these 
        included Pete Wright, the most consistent and highest scoring 
        batsman, also Jim Glover, Malcolm Panter and Dave Snaith. All 
        were hard to replace.</p>
</body>
</html>

