<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN" 
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
    <title>Document</title>
    <style type="text/css">
        body {
            font-family: sans-serif;
            margin: 1em;
        }
        h3 {
            margin-bottom: 0;
        }
        p {
            margin-top: 0;
        }
        .amount {
            float: right;
        }
        .total {
            text-align: right;
            margin-top: 1em;
        }
    </style>
</head>
<body>

<div>
    <h3>3. Sub-Aqua Club - Calypso Divers <span class="amount">£25-00</span></h3>
    <p>were accepted into membership in 1979.<br />
    This grant is to go towards the upkeep of their new Club premises. At their request a plaque is to be made to commemorate their association with Overseas.<span class="amount">£15-00</span></p>
</div>

<div>
    <h3>4. St. Edwards College <span class="amount">£25-00</span></h3>
    <p>This school has always shown keen support towards rugby in Malta. The donation is for the College's Sports Fund.</p>
</div>

<div>
    <h3>5. Rugby Football Union <span class="amount">£37-00</span></h3>
    <p>The Chairman referred to the intentions of the Committee as far back as 1972 and quoted in the 'History' pp 86-87:<br />
    "In furtherance of Junior Rugby to commemorate the name of Overseas Club." A donation of £Stg50-00 is to be made.</p>
</div>

<div>
    <h3>6. History of the Club <span class="amount">£18-00</span></h3>
    <p>or £Stg25-00. Norman Morgan is to be asked to prepare a short postscript to cover the activities of the Club over the past two or three years, up to the decisions of this Committee. Copies of this postscript are to be sent to all members of the Committee and others concerned.</p>
</div>

<div class="total">
    <p>£140-00</p>
</div>

<p>The Trustees agreed to make arrangements to see that their recommendations were implemented.</p>

<p>So ended a great Club.</p>

<p>The Chairman, Cyril Fox, also gave up his residence in Malta and left for home in England in June, 1982. The last of the expatriates. Now, having achieved his 80th birthday, Cyril can sit back and enjoy rugger on the television. Since his return he has received a most kind letter from Mr. R.H.G. Weighill, the Hon. Secretary of the R.F.U.</p>

<p>A copy of Mr. Weighill's letter to Cyril Fox is included in this Final Chapter.</p>

<p>Always first and foremost a Rugby Club, but latterly also a Sports Club, Overseas promoted rugby in Malta for 36 years and it is to be hoped left seeds of the game to be developed in future years.</p>

</body>
</html>

