<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN" 
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
    <title>Scanned Page</title>
    <style type="text/css">
        body {
            font-family: serif;
            line-height: 1.5;
            margin: 1em;
        }
        table {
            width: 100%;
            border-collapse: collapse;
            margin-bottom: 1em;
        }
        th, td {
            border: 1px solid #000;
            padding: 0.5em;
            text-align: left;
        }
        th {
            background-color: #f2f2f2;
        }
        .section-title {
            font-weight: bold;
            margin-top: 1em;
        }
    </style>
</head>
<body>

<p>exceptionally helpful and the resulting information is given below. It would suggest that initially there was some confusion over the name of the Club.</p>

<table>
    <tr>
        <th>Date</th>
        <th>Club applying for Permit</th>
        <th>Permit No</th>
        <th>Applicant on behalf of the Club</th>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>11.2.47</td>
        <td>Dockyard Rugby Club</td>
        <td>34</td>
        <td>Lt. R. Meredith</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>17.3.47</td>
        <td>Overseas RFC</td>
        <td>132</td>
        <td>R. Meredith</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>2.5.47</td>
        <td>Dockyard Rugby Club</td>
        <td>253</td>
        <td>R. Meredith</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>31.10.47</td>
        <td>(Name not given) Rugby Club</td>
        <td>259</td>
        <td>R. Meredith</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>12.3.48</td>
        <td>Overseas Rugby Club</td>
        <td></td>
        <td>R. Meredith</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>7.5.48</td>
        <td>Overseas Rugby Club</td>
        <td></td>
        <td>R. Meredith</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>26.11.48</td>
        <td>Overseas Rugby Club</td>
        <td></td>
        <td>R. Hitchcock</td>
    </tr>
</table>

<p>The dance held on the 17th March, 1947, was on St. Patrick's night and an article was inserted in the Sunday Times of Malta on the 23rd March, 1947. This did nothing to clear the matter as it said that the dance was organised by the 'Rugger Club' by Lt. Cdr. Meredith who also acted as M.C. On the other hand, the 2nd A.G.M. of the Club, which was held at the Queens Hall on the 7th October, 1947, was also registered with the Inland Revenue Office, presumably for a spirit licence. On this occasion the Club applying for the licence was given as the 'Overseas Rugby Club', and it would appear to confirm that, from this date at least, the Club was officially known by this name. This is partially borne out by details given to me by Mr Lino Borg appertaining to dances. When I joined the Club in November, 1948, there was no suggestion that the Club had been known as anything but 'Overseas RFC'.</p>

<p class="section-title">THE FIRST PRESIDENT</p>

<p>Commodore D. Orr-Ewing, Overseas' first President, was deeply involved in setting the Club on its feet in this first season, making arrangements to provide pitch, posts, flags, strip, etc. He provided the 'physicals' whilst Trevor Lewis, initially on his own, then with Mr Fred Hitchcock and the Club Committee, brought the team together. The Commodore left Malta on the 19th December, 1947, after serving there for nearly two years. Unfortunately, he died in 1964, but his son, Mr C. Orr-Ewing, kindly supplied details of the Commodore's rugby playing days. It is very impressive. He was a Cambridge Blue in 1919, played for the Royal Navy a number of times, played for Hampshire and was a Scottish trialist. Also, when he was in South Africa, he played for a team called the Villagers.</p>

<p>Mr A.R.T. Wright, the Rugby Football Union historian, was more specific about Commodore Orr-Ewing's naval rugby record. He told me that the Commodore represented the Royal Navy in Inter-Service matches from 1920 to 1926 inclusive, and again in 1930, also that he played for the United Services Portsmouth. Further research by Mr Wright resulted in his finding a 1964 Harlequin F.C. member's list in which the Commodore was recorded as being a Life Member of the Club. Mr. Wright was also able to provide the following brief history of the 'Villager R.F.C.', the team for which the Commodore played in South Africa:</p>

<p>"The Villager R.F.C. is a Club founded in 1876 in Western Province, South Africa. Service men from the British Isles have played for this Club including V.G.E. Luddington (R.N. and England) and H.W. Stephenson (R.N. and Ireland)." </p>

</body>
</html>

