<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
    <title>Club History</title>
    <style>
        body {
            font-family: "Times New Roman", Times, serif;
            margin: 1em;
        }
        h1, h2, h3 {
            margin-top: 1em;
        }
        p {
            text-align: justify;
            line-height: 1.5;
        }
        .notice {
            margin-left: 2em;
        }
    </style>
</head>
<body>
    <p>
        Trevor Lewis resigned in February, 1949, prior to leaving Malta, and Fred Burch took over as Secretary. This Committee, first with Trevor, and then with Fred, remained together as a Committee until the end of the 1951/52 season, when all except the President returned to U.K. They proved a very popular and capable Committee, and all members who knew them remember them with affection.
    </p>

    <h3>TREVOR LEWIS, FOUNDER MEMBER</h3>

    <p>
        Trevor Lewis left Malta in June, 1949. It was mainly due to his love of rugby and desire for a game that started the idea of a Club being formed for all rugby enthusiasts who had no team of their own. Backed by Commodore D. Orr-Ewing, and an equally keen body of sportsmen, first from the Dockyard, the Overseas Rugby Club was formed.
    </p>

    <h3>OBJECT OF THE CLUB, 1951</h3>

    <p>
        The following notice was inserted in the Times of Malta on the 22nd November, 1951:
    </p>

    <div class="notice">
        <h3>OVERSEAS R.F.C.</h3>

        <p>
            The object of this Club is to provide Rugger for United Kingdom civilian personnel and members of small units who would not otherwise get a game. Prospective members are cordially invited to contact Mr. Burch, Flat 5, Tigne Street, Sliema.
        </p>
    </div>

    <h3>OVERSEAS ON THE FIELD, 1947 to 1952</h3>

    <p>
        For information about the Club I have corresponded with past members whose service to the Club covers the years, 1946 to the present date, and except for a small gap in 1953, their membership overlaps. As this gap seems to occur when changes are becoming apparent in the Club, I will first concern myself with the period, 1947 to 1952.
    </p>

    <p>
        For this period, following Trevor Lewis and Ray Meredith, for invaluable information, I am indebted to Cdr. E.A. Hamilton-Hill, R.N.(Rtd) (1947–71), Mr G. Holt (1947–51), Lt. Cdr. W.M. Wren, R.N.(Rtd) (1948–52), Mr J. Gray (1948–52), Capt. J. Asbury R.N.(Rtd), and Mr W.M. Polkinghorne (1950–53, 1958–61). Jimmy Gray was the First Officer on the R.F.A. Blue Ranger. One other person I would like to mention is Fred Burch. Fred was contacted via the M.O.D. Worcester, in June, 1975, and a letter was received from him in which he expressed his pleasure in hearing from his old club again. I wrote direct to Fred on the 16th July, 1975, and sad to relate he had passed away on the 10th July. His widow, Vera, herself an Overseas close supporter, sent my letter, requesting information of the early days of the Club, on to Trevor Lewis.
    </p>

    <p>
        The Club continued through 1947/48 with a fair amount of playing success. Unfortunately, many of the original members, including Ray Meredith, left Malta in the summer of 1948. Over the years, this continuing loss of playing strength, as civilian and service members finished their tour of duty in Malta and returned to the U.K., or other place of duty, was to prove the main factor which affected the Club’s fortunes. However, at that time good players were easier to replace. There is no record of playing results for 1947/48, but some results, noted
    </p>
</body>
</html>

