<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN" 
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
<head>
    <title>Page 150</title>
    <style type="text/css">
        body {
            font-family: "Courier New", Courier, monospace;
            line-height: 1.6;
        }
        .page-number {
            text-align: right;
            margin-bottom: 20px;
        }
        p {
            text-align: justify;
            margin: 0 0 1em;
        }
    </style>
</head>
<body>
    <div class="page-number">150</div>
    <p>
        known - the Rugby Section was asked to activate discussion when
        this became known. The second was held in abeyance in view of
        the fact that one of the changing rooms had already been improved.
    </p>
    <p>
        In the early part of the 1977/78 season the Steering
        Committee continued its deliberations into the possibility of
        the Club surviving in some form after the British presence was
        withdrawn from Malta by the 31st March, 1979. By January, 1978,
        no concrete recommendations had been made by the Steering
        Committee as to the future of the Club. This delay was due in
        part to the fact that the Minister of Sport, Mr. L. Sant, was
        showing an interest in sports in general in Malta, and as far
        as Overseas was concerned, in rugby in particular, and in part
        to the encouraging results from the Club's efforts to interest
        the playing of rugby by the University and Colleges in Malta.
        As opposed to this encouraging interest, the Steering Committee
        had to weigh up the many problems, to try to decide as to whether
        it was practical to keep the Club alive after the withdrawal,
        before putting forward any proposal. The Club would be left in
        the hands of the few members left behind after the Service
        schools close in July, 1978, and even more so after March, 1979.
    </p>
    <p>
        In February, 1978, the matter was 'more or less' taken out
        of the Steering Committee's hands and returned to the General
        Committee by the fact that a number of Maltese members of the
        Rugby Section strongly expressed a wish that the Overseas Club
        and Rugby Section should continue after the 1977/78 season. The
        General Committee agreed that all encouragement must be given to
        trying to keep rugby, and therefore the Club, alive, and at the
        suggestion of Jack Sharp, Rugby Section Chairman, two Maltese
        members, David Schembri and Marcel Cassar, were co-opted onto
        the General Committee to take part in any discussion on the
        future of the Club, particularly reference rugby. Both members
        were already serving on the Rugby Section Committee, David
        Schembri as liaison between the Club and the Government Schools,
        and Marcel Cassar as liaison between the Club and Private Schools,
        U.S. School, and the Royal University of Malta.
    </p>
    <p>
        Although the Overseas General and Section Committees wished
        it otherwise, it was generally accepted, that with the withdrawal
        taking its toll of playing strength, 1977/78 was the last season
        for the Soccer and Hockey Sections, and the Cricket Section would
        close in July, 1978. It is interesting to note that all Committee
        Members of the Soccer and Hockey Sections, and all but one of
        the Cricket Section, are schoolmasters at the British Service
        schools in Malta, and they leave en bloc in July, 1978, when the
        said schools close down for the last time. Here I must stress,
        that because of the problems of printing and distribution whilst
        there are sufficient members still in Malta who might be interested
        in reading it, the writing of this history must be completed by
        the beginning of May, and final decisions regarding the sections
        mentioned in this paragraph must, of necessity, be made by the
        General Committee after this date.
    </p>
    <p>
        For many years, first as Overseas Rugby Club, then as
        Overseas Rugby and Sports Club, we have made continuous efforts
        to create interest in rugby amongst the Maltese people and therefore,
        the fact that there should be such a strong wish amongst the
        Maltese members to keep 'Overseas' alive as a Rugby Club, was
        most pleasing and rewarding. Although problems had been increasing
        over the years as the Services gradually withdrew as a general
        policy, and would increase further when the Service schools close
        down in July, 1978, the testing point, as to whether the Club can
    </p>
</body>
</html>

