<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
    <title>Bar Committee</title>
    <style type="text/css">
        body { font-family: monospace; }
        h4 { text-align: center; }
        p { margin: 1em 0; }
        .indent { margin-left: 3em; }
        .bold { font-weight: bold; }
        .underline { text-decoration: underline; }
    </style>
</head>
<body>
    <h4>35</h4>
    <p>of the bar committee or Service members of the bar committee.</p>

    <p class="indent">4 To be responsible for all the bar takings during the week of duty. The arrangement with the Club Treasurer is to pay any monies taken over the bar into the Club account at the Bank of Malta. The paying in slip should be forwarded to:-</p>

    <p class="indent">
        Mr P. Bennie,<br/>
        c/o Turquand &amp; Youngs &amp; Co.,<br/>
        10, South Street,<br/>
        Valletta.
    </p>

    <p class="indent">5 To record all money taken during each opening of the bar in the book provided and kept with the cash box.</p>

    <p class="indent">6 To be responsible for making sure that £15 change float is always available at bar opening times .......... suggested break down of change ........ £1 of pennies; £2 of 3'd bits: £2 of 6'd pieces: £2 of shillings; £3 of 2/-: £2 of half crowns: £3 of 10/- notes.</p>

    <p class="indent">7 To be responsible for the keys of the bar, locker drawer, spirits' store and cash box, and to make sure that all these are secure when the bar is closed. Also that the stock room is secured.</p>

    <p class="indent"><span class="bold">N.B.</span> The cash box must not be left in the premises.</p>

    <p class="indent">8 To be responsible for handing over to the next duty bar member at 1400 on Saturday the keys mentioned in paragraph 7, and also the cash box with £15 change float.</p>

    <p class="bold underline">NOTES:</p>

    <p class="indent">Angelo, the Bar Steward, will be on the premises half an hour before opening time and is responsible for having the bar ready for opening. He leaves the premises half an hour after closing and is responsible for leaving the glasses clean and the bottles in crates and clear.</p>

    <p class="bold underline">SERVICE MEMBERS OF THE BAR COMMITTEE</p>

    <p class="indent">These members are requested to help behind the bar on Wednesdays when necessary, and to help the duty bar member when asked to do so.</p>
</body>
</html>

