<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Preface</title>
    <meta charset="UTF-8"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1 style="text-align: center;">P R E F A C E</h1>
    
    <p style="text-align: justify;">
      The history of the Overseas Rugby and Sports Club, Malta, was completed up
      to and including the Extraordinary General Meeting on the future of the Club
      held on Thursday, 8th June, 1978. This meeting had been called in view of the
      fact that the withdrawal of the British Forces and UK Based Civilians from
      Malta, then due to take place on the 31st March, 1979, placed in jeopardy the
      existence of the Club, and in the extreme, the continuation of the game of
      rugby on the Island.
    </p>

    <p style="text-align: justify;">
      The Members at this meeting decided that the Club should continue under
      the same name, with the same objectives, and that the main emphasis of the Club's
      activities would revolve around the Rugby Section. Sadly, although with no
      alternative under the circumstances, the Cricket, Soccer and Hockey Sections
      were closed.
    </p>

    <p style="text-align: justify;">
      The very fact that this final chapter to the History of 'Overseas' is
      written informs readers that, in spite of all efforts by a dedicated few, the
      Club was finally forced to close. The Closure, or 'Winding-up', took place at
      the Annual General Meeting held on the 24th October, 1980. This placed the Club
      under a Caretaker Committee which held its last meeting on the 11th January,
      1982.
    </p>

    <p style="text-align: justify;">
      From the time it was first accepted that the Overseas Club might be forced
      to close, Overseas Committees have loosely referred to its closure, and events
      leading up to it, as the 'Winding-up'. In this chapter I have referred to the
      A.G.M. on the 24th October, 1980, as the 'Winding-up', but not the 'Closure'.
      From this date the Club was in the hands of a Caretaker Committee, and although
      the chances were remote, there was still in the hearts of a few the possibility
      that the Club could be revived. As one Committeeman wrote, "RIP Overseas RUFC
      laid to rest end of 1980. Now awaits the resurrection, but doubtful if it can
      be resuscitated". I have referred to the last Committee Meeting of the
      Caretaker Committee, and so of the Club, held on the 11th January, 1982, as the
      'Closure'.
    </p>

    <p style="text-align: justify;">
      As in the main history, I have written of events in chronological order
      within the year they happened. On the other hand, I have completed that part
      of the history on any subject considered to be of sufficient importance, and
      covering a number of years, whilst writing about the year in which it was
      initiated.
    </p>

    <p style="text-align: justify;">
      The Winding-up, when it came, was due basically to lack of sufficient rugby
      playing members interested enough to turn out on the day, and of enough teams to
      give any impetus to the playing of rugby in Malta. There were of course
      a number of other serious problems which caused the closure. Under the
      circumstances the knowledgeable believed this to be inevitable, but at the
      E.G.M. on the 8th June, 1978, there was great determination to succeed, not only
      to keep the Club alive, but to make rugby a Maltese game. The hard core of
      dedicated Maltese members, named in that part of the history dealing with the
      E.G.M.s, supported by the Overseas Committee, made this seem possible. This
      determination made the season of 1978/79 full of interest and rewarding in the
      initial interest and keenness shown by the Maltese, specially the schoolboys.
    </p>
  </body>
</html>

