<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN" 
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
    <title>Cricket Section 1974</title>
    <style type="text/css">
        body { font-family: serif; }
        h1, h2 { text-align: center; }
        .section-title { text-align: center; font-weight: bold; }
        .record-title { text-align: center; margin-top: 1em; margin-bottom: 1em; }
        .committee, .team { margin-top: 1em; }
        p { text-indent: 1.5em; }
    </style>
</head>
<body>
    <div>
        <h1>CRICKET SECTION 1974</h1>
        <p>
            The Cricket Section of Overseas was formed in 1965 and details of its inception have already been given. 
            In September, 1973, the Cricket Section had just finished a very successful season. Mr. T.N. Ricketts, 
            Section Chairman, reported that Overseas had, once again, been the side on the Island and won the Malta 
            League Championship. Peter Wright had been a regular source of runs, ably backed by Ralph Daley (Captain) 
            and Trevor Ricketts. Peter Wright and Ralph Daley had finished the season with batting averages of over 40. 
            On the bowling side Rob Ward, Mike Caseley and Dave Taylor had the best analysis.
        </p>

        <div class="record-title">
            <strong>RECORD FOR 1973</strong><br/>
            P15 - W12 - L3 Points 48
        </div>

        <p>
            The Cricket Section held its Annual General Meeting on the 7th March, 1974, and the following Officials were elected:-
        </p>

        <div class="committee">
            <div class="section-title">CRICKET SECTION</div>
            <ul>
                <li>Chairman: Mr. A. Latham</li>
                <li>Hon. Secretary: Mr. W. Newton</li>
                <li>Hon. Treasurer: Mr. L. Finnis</li>
                <li>Team Captain: Mr. T.N. Ricketts</li>
                <li>Team Vice-Captain: Mr. R. Ward</li>
                <li>Selection Committee: Messrs. T.N. Ricketts; R. Ward and P. Wright.</li>
            </ul>
        </div>

        <p>
            Elected on formation of 'B' XI
        </p>
        <ul>
            <li>B Team Captain: Mr. P. Merchant</li>
            <li>Vice-Captain: Mr. G. Porter</li>
        </ul>

        <p>
            For Overseas the 1974 season, under the Captaincy of Trevor Ricketts, was again successful. Overseas won the 6 a-side 
            Competition, the single wicket competition with Jim Glover being the victor, and finished runner-up in the league. 
            Also, after two months of inactivity from mid July to mid September, we were losing semi-finalists in the Governor's 
            Cup Knockout.
        </p>

        <p>
            The formation of a 2nd XI marked a welcome expansion of the Section's activities. Under the Captaincy of Pete Merchant 
            and Vice-Captaincy of Gerry Porter, the side made a commendable first season's effort.
        </p>

        <p>
            2nd XI record for 1974 - P5 - W3 - L3
        </p>

        <p>
            The 6 a-side competition was organized as a curtain-raiser to the season, taking place on the 11th and 12th March, 
            with 16 teams taking part. Overseas entered 4 teams and all acquitted themselves admirably. The 'A' side won the 
            competition with the 'B' side being losing semi-finalists.
        </p>

        <div class="team">
            <ul>
                <li>'A' Team: T. Ricketts (Captain); P. Wright; M. Shaw; D. Taylor; J. Glover and R. Ward</li>
                <li>'B' Team: W. Newton (Captain); A. Latham; M. Caseley; D. Walker; M. Pennter and L. Finnis</li>
            </ul>
        </div>

        <p>
            Six teams participated in the league, namely, Overseas, Malta Sports Club, R.A.F. 'A' and 'B', R.N. and Army, with 
            each team playing the other 5 twice. All games in the league were played between the 16th May and the 17th July. 
            Overseas finished the league 2nd to R.A.F. 'B', losing 3 out of the 10 games, 2 of the 3 being by the smallest of 
            margins (2 runs and 5 runs). Overseas also played 3 friendly matches against the R.A.F.
        </p>
    </div>
</body>
</html>

