<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
    "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
    <title>Document</title>
    <style type="text/css">
        body { font-family: serif; }
        .section { margin: 20px; }
        .title { text-align: center; font-weight: bold; }
    </style>
</head>
<body>
    <div class="section">
        <p>British Services in 1972.</p>
        
        <p>Peter Ratcliffe resigned from office on the 27th April, 1970, after 4 years as a very popular and hard working President, and finally left Malta in July, 1970. Ratty had been a member of 'Seas since 1961. Besides his term as President, he had been Vice-President for 2 years, 1964-66, on the Selection Committee, 1965-69, and also served on the Social Committee, 1962/63. I will always remember Ratty as 'Il Magnifico Presidente' on Overseas' Tour to Messina, Sicily, in January, 1968.</p>
        
        <p>One must also mention Brian Jackson who left Malta in July, 1970, after being a playing member of 'Seas since 1964. Jacko was Team Captain/Team Secretary for 2 years, 1966-68, Club House/Bar Manager for 3 years, 1966-69, and for good measure served as an ordinary member of the Bar Committee, 1965/66, and the Social Committee for 3 years, 1966-69. I have already written about his prowess on the field - his record of points scored in one season for Overseas (187) has never been beaten.</p>
        
        <p>Ratty and Jacko were two 'Characters', the kind of people a Club revolves round and finds hard to replace.</p>
    </div>
    
    <div class="section">
        <p class="title">PLAYING SEASON</p>
        
        <p>The playing season started on the 18th October with a game against the old enemy, the Nomads, a team formed from Army small units. Up to February, Overseas had very poor results, winning 4 games out of 16, and beating only 2 sides, Nomads (3 times) and the 1 Lancs Regt. From February to April it was a different story, we won 7 games out of 9, including victories over the Army (Malta), John Evans XV and HMS Hermes.</p>
        
        <p>The outstanding features of this season was the efforts made by Mr. A. Bragger, Overseas Tours Secretary, and the Committee under President Peter Ratcliffe and Hon. Secretary, Trevor Ricketts, to take Overseas on tour and to attract tourists to Malta. Unfortunately, with little success. Mr. Bragger wrote to Clubs at Reggio and Tripoli, also Universities at Messina, Catania and Palermo, asking for home and away fixtures. Attempts were made to attract Petersham Rugby Club, Australia, via a contact in U.K., Clifton RUFC, England, and a French team from near Paris, to tour Malta.</p>
        
        <p>Petersham Rugby Club was on a World Tour but it turned out that Malta was not one of their ports of call. The French team, under Philippe Dorsemain, wished to visit Malta for one week between the 20th March and the 4th April, 1970, and it would appear that difficulty in arranging accommodation in Malta, leaving little time to arrange the tour, was the main reason why it was called off. Philippe had been an Overseas player for at least 2 years, approximately 1965-67. Clifton RUFC showed interest in visiting Malta and it would appear that lack of communication resulted in disappointment. We actually received an invitation from Catania for Overseas to go on tour at Easter only to have to call it off through lack of support from Overseas players.</p>
        
        <p>In spite of all the hard work, the only team to visit Malta, as a result of arrangements made by Overseas Committee, was John...</p>
    </div>
</body>
</html>

