<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <head>
    <title>Page 153</title>
    <style type="text/css">
      body {
        font-family: "Times New Roman", serif;
        margin: 2em;
      }
      .center {
        text-align: center;
      }
      .indent {
        text-indent: 2em;
      }
      .right {
        text-align: right;
      }
      h1 {
        font-size: 1.2em;
        margin-bottom: 0;
      }
    </style>
  </head>
  <body>
    <div class="right">153</div>
    <h1 class="center">Trevor Ricketts</h1>
    <p class="indent">
      On a previous page, when I wrote about Trevor being elected
      an Hon. Life Member, I gave details of all the sterling work he
      had done, and has continued to do, for Overseas and sport in
      general in Malta. I reiterate what I said on that occasion.
      Trevor has given a certain vitality and efficiency to Committee
      work in his 7 years as Hon. Secretary/Hon. General Secretary,
      and I believe this has been mirrored in the Committee and the
      regard in which the Club is held.
    </p>
    <p class="indent">
      Trevor was elected President at the 1976/77 Annual General
      Meeting, and he celebrated his first year in office by, once
      again, playing for all sections of the Club. Trevor's term
      as President has coincided with the run-down of the Club, and
      this is doubly sad for a person who has done so much to keep
      the name of Overseas in such high regard in the sporting world
      on the Island. It is also unfortunate for Overseas that Trevor
      leaves Malta in July, 1978, but decisions taken before that date
      will decide the future of the Club, and under his Chairmanship
      I believe the right decisions will be made.
    </p>
    <p class="indent">
      Updated list of offices held:
    </p>
    <p>
      Member of Club, 1967 <span class="right">11 years</span><br/>
      Elected Hon. Life Member, 1974<br/>
      President, 1976-78 <span class="right">2 years</span><br/>
      Chairman of Soccer Section since its inception in 1968 <span class="right">10 years</span><br/>
      Vice-President, 1974-75 <span class="right">2 years</span><br/>
      Hon. Secretary, Overseas R.U.F.C., 1969-73 <span class="right">4 years</span><br/>
      Hon. General Secretary, Overseas Rugby &amp; Sports Club, 1973-76 <span class="right">3 years</span><br/>
      Hon. Secretary, Overseas Cricket Section, 1972-74 <span class="right">3 years</span><br/>
      Membership Secretary, 1969-73 <span class="right">4 years</span><br/>
      Served on Social Committee, 1968/69, 1971-73 <span class="right">3 years</span><br/>
      Captain of Overseas Cricket Team, 1973-75 <span class="right">3 years</span><br/>
      Fitness training of Rugby Section Members,<br/>
      &nbsp; &nbsp; Thursdays, during rugby season, 1967-74 <span class="right">7 years</span><br/>
      Has played for all sections of the Club.<br/>
      Hon. Secretary during temporary closure of Overseas Club<br/>
      &nbsp; &nbsp; when British Forces withdrew from Malta, January, 1972,<br/>
      &nbsp; &nbsp; also of Steering Committee which was formed for the<br/>
      &nbsp; &nbsp; reformation of the Club in July, 1972. Carried on as<br/>
      &nbsp; &nbsp; Hon. Secretary whilst in U.K. during closure.<br/>
      Prime mover in Overseas becoming a Sports Club in 1973.
    </p>
    <h1 class="center">Francis Chapelle</h1>
    <p class="indent">
      Francis earns a special mention as the longest continuously
      serving member of Overseas, a record of 19 years. Joining the
      Club in 1959, he was an active playing member until 1964, being
      elected Team Captain in 1960/61, and Vice-Captain in 1961/62.
      Since 1964, although not always an active member, Francis
      has remained one of the Club's keenest supporters.
    </p>
  </body>
</html>

