<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN" 
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
    <title>Overseas Cricket Section</title>
    <style type="text/css">
        body { font-family: "Courier New", Courier, monospace; }
        .center { text-align: center; }
        .indent { text-indent: 2em; }
    </style>
</head>
<body>
    <h1 class="center">PART I</h1>
    <h2 class="center">OVERSEAS CRICKET SECTION</h2>
    
    <p class="indent">Before passing on to the rugby season of 1978/79, I will mention the Cricket Section. 
    Even as the future of the Club was being decided at the E.G.M. of the 8th June, 1978, the Overseas 
    Cricket Section was playing in its last season at the Marsa.</p>
    
    <p class="indent">The season started with a 6-a-side Tournament on the 6th May. Overseas 
    entered two teams which were knocked out in the 1st and 2nd rounds respectively. 
    League fixtures started on the 14th May when Overseas recorded a large win 
    against the Army. The overall league results for Overseas were 9 played, 4 won 
    and 5 lost. Overseas ended the season on top - what a way to go - in winning 
    the "cup" for the first time in 8 years. I believe the memory of Overseas 
    cricketers is best kept by quoting an extract from Cyril Fox's commentary 
    written for 'Malta Life' in August, 1978:</p>
    
    <blockquote class="indent">
        <p class="indent">"Triumph at long last for the Overseas Cricketers, who deservedly won the 
        Government Tourist Board Trophy in their last Match at the Marsa ground on 
        July 16th. This coveted trophy (in previous years known as the Governor-General's 
        Cup) is played on the same lines as the Gillette Cup and is competed 
        for by all the cricket teams on the Island. Over the years the Overseas XI's 
        have been finalists and semi-finalists but never the outright victors. But 
        a splendid team effort ably directed by their skipper, Gerry Davey, gave them 
        a glorious finish to their 1978 season.</p>
    </blockquote>
    
    <p class="indent">And so sad to relate it was the Overseas cricketers' last appearance in the 
    middle where they have been playing regularly since 1965. Originally, according 
    to the recently published "History of the Overseas Rugby and Sports Club", the 
    cricket team was formed as an activity to keep members of the Rugby Club in 
    touch throughout the summer months. Now, with the closing of the Service schools 
    and the schoolmasters leaving the Island, Overseas have lost the mainstay of 
    their XI and we say good-bye to such stalwarts as Trevor Ricketts, Gerry Davey, 
    Mike Newton, Alan Latham and Mike Caseley, who have been the principals of the 
    cricket scene for the past several seasons.</p>

    <p class="indent">If I was to name the Man of the Match I would have great difficulty in 
    deciding between the two Mikes. Newton opened with a robust knock of 45 and 
    then went on to take 4 M.s.c. wickets for 20. Caseley, who came in at No. 8, 
    defied the bowling to score 32 of the most valuable runs, and then bowled 13 
    overs to take 4 for 54. Both equally winning contributions. Batting first, 
    Overseas scored 159 for the loss of 9 wickets and this proved to be 32 too many 
    for their opponents. Other highlights of the game to me were Gerry Davey's 
    clouting the ball for 15 runs off one over and then skying the ball for the 
    wicket-keeper to have ample time to trot out to square leg to collect a valuable 
    wicket, and Trevor Ricketts being clapped to the wicket on the last of his many 
    appearances on the pitch in his eleven years in Malta.</p>
    
    <p class="indent">For the M.s.c., Roy Swift had a good match (50 not out and a couple of 
    wickets) and Rosser and Easton shared six wickets between them. The Club had 
    had a tough fight the previous day to beat R.a.F. Penguins in the semi-final, 
    whilst Overseas were in good form to beat the Army by 9 wickets with Newton 
    again in the runs with a contribution of 64."</p>
</body>
</html>

