<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN" 
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
    <title>Page 161</title>
    <style type="text/css">
        body { font-family: serif; margin: 2em; }
        p { text-align: justify; }
        h2 { text-align: center; }
    </style>
</head>
<body>
    <h2>Page 161</h2>
    <p>Porter operated on the wings and the attack was spearheaded by Peter Wright and Jeff Bonner, who between them put the finishing touches to what was a consistently high standard of football from the entire team. In the best season they scored 68 goals each and Peter Wright who was an outstanding striker with the most lethal left foot in the League, scored over 150 goals in his four seasons with the Club.</p>

    <p>In 1974 the structure of the team changed yet again with the departure of many fine players. Other players as always came forward to fill their places, the best of these being Dave Smith, but unfortunately the team was unable to match the previous high standard. With the University no longer providing any players and Dave Cooper the sole survivor from Dingli, the number of players available diminished and in recent years the bulk of the Overseas team has come from the teachers. Among them were David Nield, Paul Goss, Tom Jordan, Brian Charnley, Mike Caseley, Jim Slide, and Mike Newton. Four other players who fully deserve a mention were Derek Ward, our two German players Eric Keifer and Dieter Herrud and Andy Holland who as well as being a very solid defender, also provided a venue for several excellent social functions at the Crystal Hotel where his parents Eddie and Margaret Holland, always entertained us in magnificent fashion.</p>

    <p>And now in our final season we have tapped yet another source of players, the De La Rue factory in Malta which provided four very talented Geordies, Peter Carnie, Tommy Cummin, Bob Allsopp and Ronnie Feenen. Unfortunately for the Overseas, as games were largely played on Wednesday, working commitments rarely made it possible for us to field a full strength side, and therefore the team's poor showing in the Minor League was not really indicative of its true ability. The Corinthians however, finished second in the Major League, winning eight out of their 12 games and tribute must be paid to the strength and maturity shown by the Tal Handaq boys who played in this team. Among these were John Russell, who started the season as a defender but eventually proved particularly effective as a striker, Andy Basson a brave and consistently reliable goalkeeper, Andy Madge a skilful midfield and forward, Derek Bonner who was always a welcome addition to the forward line when not required by Floriana and Stuart McKee who although being the youngest in the team, improved with every game and eventually was generally acknowledged to be one of the best sweepers in the League. Other newcomers to the side were Roy Swift, who although having been seen on Malta cricket pitches for several seasons, unfortunately only made known his considerable footballing talent at this very late stage, Rodney Aird-Mash, Tony Rafferty and Dick Owen. Of the established players, Trevor Ricketts and Paul Goss continued to do good work in their unchallenged roles as Overseas goalkeeper and right back respectively, and David Nield had an excellent season being equally at home as sweeper, midfield or on the left wing. Up front Jeff Bonner, the team Captain since 1975, took his tally of goals to over 300 in eight seasons, while the outstanding player in the team was once again Dave Smith.</p>
</body>
</html>

