<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN" 
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
<head>
    <title>Touring Teams to Malta 1968/69</title>
    <style type="text/css">
        body { font-family: serif; margin: 2em; }
        h2 { text-align: center; }
        h3 { text-align: center; }
        p { margin-bottom: 1.5em; }
        .indent { text-indent: 2em; }
        pre { font-family: monospace; }
    </style>
</head>
<body>
    <p class="indent">against the two regiments and R.A.F. Malta.</p>
    <p class="indent">
        The 7-a-sides were a disgrace. Probably fielding the strongest seven 
        in the competition on paper, both our sides were defeated in the first 
        round. In the Plate the 'A' team could only attain runners up, while 
        the 'B' team once again went out in the first round.
    </p>
    <p class="indent">
        With regard to the players, probably our biggest headache was in 
        replacing 'the Boot' Jackson who, through a knee injury, only made 9 
        appearances. However, we were fortunate in having a long haired, 
        bearded, at that time, University lecturer who showed us that he could 
        kick. He is, of course, Charlie Rice and he finished up the season 
        with 121 points. Peter Miller was leading try scorer once again.
    </p>
    <p class="indent">
        The pre season training at the Marsa and at Tal Handaq started off on 
        the 17th September, 1968. The main feature of the season was the number 
        of sides touring Malta, including our friends Tripoli (Libya) Nomads and 
        John Evans XV. Investigations made into the possibility of Overseas 
        touring Naples, Sicily or N. Africa came to nought. Unfortunately, we 
        had to turn down an offer from Rugby Reggio to take part in a tournament 
        because the dates were unsuitable for Overseas.
    </p>
    <h2>TOURING TEAMS TO MALTA 1968/69</h2>
    <p class="indent">
        R.A.F. (Cyprus) &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 3rd to 5th December, 1968<br/>
        R.A.F. College Cranwell &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; End of December, 1968<br/>
        Army (Cyprus) &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 16th to 22nd January, 1969<br/>
        Tripoli (Libya) Nomads &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 26th February to 2nd March, 1969<br/>
        John Evans XV &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 3rd to 10th April, 1969
    </p>
    <p class="indent">
        John Evans' party consisted of 19 officials and players and included 
        8 members who had toured Malta the previous year. Once again the army 
        kindly accommodated them in Lintorn Barracks, Floriana, at a very moderate cost, 
        and once again arrangements were made by Capt. Mike Adams. Their Manager 
        was, of course, John Evans, ex Overseas player, with Assistant Manager, 
        P.R.V. Sinden, ex Durham Medicals. The team was Captained by W.G.D. Morgan. 
        Derek Morgan had led Monmouthshire to the final of the Welsh Counties 
        Championship during the season just ending. Following is a list of the 
        tourists as printed in the Malta News.
    </p>
    <h3>JOHN EVANS' TOURING PARTY, 1969</h3>
    <pre>
J. Evans (Manager)          Overseas R.U.F.C., Malta,
P.R.V. Sinden (Asst. Man)   Newport H.S.O.B.
W.G.D. Morgan (Captain)     Durham Medicals, Newport H.S.O.B.
                            England, Barbarians, Northumberland 
                            and Monmouthshire; Captain of 
                            Durham University
A. Jones                    Risca R.U.F.C.
C.E. Evans                  Guys Hospital
I.D.H. Stuart               Durham University
P. Iles                     Ebbw Vale, Tredegar, Rhymney
T. O'Brien                  Charing Cross
P. Williams                 Ebbw Vale, Tredegar
J. Palmer                   St. Lukes College, Newport, Newbridge
    </pre>
</body>
</html>

