<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">

<head>
  <title>Preface</title>
  <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="application/xhtml+xml; charset=utf-8" />
</head>

<body>
  <h1 style="text-align: center; letter-spacing: 0.2em;">P R E F A C E</h1>

  <p>
    The Overseas Rugby and Sports Club, Malta, was formed in November, 1946. For 27 years 'Overseas' was purely a rugby club and known as the Overseas Rugby Club or Overseas R.U.F.C. It was not until 1973 that 'Overseas' became a 'Rugby and Sports Club'. Readers must keep this in mind. This history deals almost exclusively with rugby matters up to 1973 and therefore the Club will be referred to by its former name to that point.
  </p>

  <p>
    A further point to keep in mind is that no record remains of any minutes kept until 1954. I have been informed by Secretaries of the Club prior to 1954 that records were in fact kept and passed on to their successors. It will remain a mystery. Minutes remain of one meeting held on the 27th November, 1954, and then another blank until minutes were kept of a meeting of the 6th September, 1958. Minutes have been kept, and remained in safe keeping of the Club, continuously since September, 1958. No copies of correspondence were retained until 1956. During these early years I was a member of Overseas from November, 1948, to March, 1950, and again from November, 1956, to July, 1959. This still left gaps in knowledge of the Club and even as I started to write this history, I searched and corresponded with former members, including two who were founder members in 1946. Even so, there are still periods when information on the Club is slight, and it is to be hoped that if any former members reading this history can fill in any blanks, he (or she) will contact me or the Overseas Club.
  </p>

  <p>
    Events in this history will be written in chronological order within the year they happen. On the other hand, any subject considered to be of sufficient importance, and which covers a number of years, I will complete that part of the history whilst writing about the year in which it was initiated. Monetary values will be written in sterling, Lsd or decimal, or Maltese currency, according to the system in use during the period being written about. Malta retained our (U.K.) pre-decimal sterling coins up to the 16th May, 1972, when they changed to their own decimal coins, i.e. 100 cents to the Maltese pound. I have attempted to compile a year by year list of games and results, also to make a chart of all Officials and certain details of the Club from its inception. These are not complete, especially for the years before 1958/59. I have also collected team photos of Overseas XV's and I believe, from correspondence with ex members in an attempt to trace back copies, that I have a copy of a team photo for every year in which one was taken.
  </p>

  <p>
    Throughout this history the 'Services' are continuously mentioned and unless specifically stated otherwise, this refers to the British Armed Forces. This is obvious to anyone who has lived in Malta, but perhaps not otherwise.
  </p>

</body>

</html>

