<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN" 
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
    <title>1953 - 58</title>
</head>
<body>
    <h1>1953 - 58</h1>

    <p>
        Due more to circumstances than any desire for change on the part of succeeding Overseas Committees, 1952 seemed to be the end of an era for the Club. Perhaps it was partly due to the fact that all of the original Committee, including the Founder Members, had now left Malta. Nevertheless, the aims and objects of the Club remained the same. This was confirmed by the notices in newspapers, and objects of the Club being presented to joining members.
    </p>

    <p>
        For information about the years, 1953 to 1956, I am indebted to Mike Phillips, Treasurer, 1953-56, and to John Chapman, Secretary, 1954-56. From 1953 to 1956 at least they did function as a Committee, although I am told that things were very informal, not many meetings took place and there is no record of any A.G.M. On the other hand, the only remaining written record of a pre 1958 Committee Meeting, is that of a meeting which took place on the 27th November, 1954. All meetings were still held at the homes of Officials, or at a 'bar just off Sliema Front (Tower Road) opposite the Lotto Office'. This could be Charlie's Bar again.
    </p>

    <p>
        At the meeting mentioned above it was confirmed that the Club colours were still navy blue and white hoops, with a second set of jerseys, colours red and white hoops. With effect from the date of the meeting, the fee for club Membership was: Playing Members, £1 per annum and 1/- per game. Non Playing Members, 10/- per annum. Present at the meeting were Messrs J. Chapman, Hon. Secretary, R.W.M. Sanderson, Captain, M. Phillips, Hon. Treasurer, and T. Clark, Committee Member.
    </p>

    <p>
        The main change during this period was the gradual decline in the number of non service members in the Club. One tries not to make a distinction between service and civilian members as ail are part of the Club, but one is forced to at times, and it will be shown that, at least in 1956, team sheets had names of players selected with their units side by side. In 1954 the only civilian members were Mike Phillips and John Chapman. When I joined the Club in November, 1956, I was the only civilian member. Another change which took place was a variation of the name of the Club. With Overseas playing at Ta' Qali, it became a habit of the players to call in at the Melita Hotel, San Anton Gardens, after a game. Both John and Mike mention this fact, also the fact that the Melita Hotel played a great part in the social life of the Club during the period 1954 to 1956. Perhaps this was also true prior to 1954. I know that after 1956 the players still used the Melita Hotel for drinks after a match although, it was not part of the main social life of the Club. When the variation in the name took place it is difficult to say, both informants are vague on this point, but definitely at the start of the 1956/57 season, the Club was known as the Overseas R.F.C. (Melita's). Official circulars were headed 'The Overseas Rugby Football Club (The Melita's)', or, 'Melitas, Overseas Rugby Club, Malta' and often referred to as the 'Melita's'.
    </p>

    <p>
        Although it was intended to hold an Annual General Meeting at the start of the 1956/57 season, it did not in fact take place as the Suez crisis had set things so far back. The Secretary for 1956/57, Jim Osbourne, did send a letter to players of the previous season, asking them to attend a get
    </p>
</body>
</html>

