<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN" 
    "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
    <title>1977/78 General Committee</title>
    <style type="text/css">
        body {
            font-family: "Courier New", monospace;
        }
        .header {
            text-align: center;
            margin-top: 20px;
        }
        .section-title {
            margin-top: 20px;
            font-weight: bold;
        }
        .subsection-title {
            margin-top: 10px;
            font-weight: bold;
            text-decoration: underline;
        }
        .content {
            margin-left: 20px;
        }
    </style>
</head>
<body>
    <div class="header">
        <p>1977/78</p>
        <p><b>GENERAL COMMITTEE</b></p>
        <p>Annual General Meeting, Club House, 22nd September, 1977</p>
        <p>The following Officials were elected:-</p>
    </div>

    <div class="content">
        <p>President&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;T.N. Ricketts</p>
        <p>Vice-Presidents&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;D. Alexander &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;C. Fox</p>
        <p>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;F. Kitson &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;A. Latham</p>
        <p>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;J. Sharp &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;B. Leonard</p>
        <p>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;M. Newton &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Hon. P.J. Tyler</p>
        <p>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;D. Walker &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;J. Andrews</p>
        <p>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;J. Bonner &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;M. Crossfield</p>
        <p>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;G. Davey &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;P. Marchant</p>
        <p>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;E. McPherson &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;W. Plummer</p>

        <p>Hon. General Secretary &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;C. Fitches</p>
        <p>Hon. General Treasurer&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;J. Andrews</p>
        <p>Hon. General Social Secretary&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;M. Newton</p>
        <p>Membership Secretary&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;A. Latham</p>
        <p>Club House/Bar Manager&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;M. Crossfield</p>
        <p>Social Committee&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;M. Newton(Secretary): J. Bonner; T. Jordan, D. Smith.</p>
        <p>Bar Committee&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;M. Crossfield(Manager): D. Alexander; J. Andrews; C. Borg; E. McPherson; M. Newton: J. Sharp.</p>
    </div>

    <div class="content">
        <p class="subsection-title">Of the above Committee very few members will complete a year in office. The dates of their departure from Malta are as follows:-</p>
        
        <p><b>1978</b></p>
        <p>January&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Mr F. Kitson</p>
        <p>May&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Mr C. Fitches</p>
        <p>July&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Messrs T. N. Ricketts; M. Newton; D. Walker; J. Bonner; G. Davey; A. Latham; B. Leonard; M. Crossfield; P. Marchant; T. Jordan; D. Smith</p>
        <p>October&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Mr E. McPherson</p>

        <p>Mr J. Sharp retires in June and perhaps will not always be available after this date.</p>
    </div>

    <div class="content">
        <p class="section-title">Steering Committee for the Run-Down of the Club</p>

        <p>At the A.G.M. on the 22nd September, 1977, the President of the Club, Mr. T.N. Ricketts, asked all members to support the Club and to make this, our possible final year, one to remember - be it in celebrations or high standards on the field. He also asked members to accept the findings of the Steering Committee and to support them in whatever they might suggest.</p>

        <p>The Steering Committee made two recommendations to the new Committee at the A.G.M., both recommendations being discussed at the General Committee Meeting held on the 24th October, 1977.</p>
        <ol>
            <li>To donate a suitable trophy to be competed for annually by the local schools and the University.</li>
            <li>To provide for the renovation of one of the Marsa changing rooms, with a commemorative plaque in the name of the Overseas Rugby & Sports Club.</li>
        </ol>

        <p>On the first recommendation, the President asked for a delay in its discussion until the level of schools participation be</p>
    </div>
</body>
</html>

