<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN" 
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
    <title>Page 53</title>
    <style type="text/css">
        body {
            font-family: "Times New Roman", serif;
            margin: 2em;
        }
        h1 {
            text-align: center;
        }
        p {
            text-align: justify;
        }
    </style>
</head>
<body>

<h1>53</h1>

<p>
P.E. Instructor, kindly ran training sessions. If overseas
players were not fit it was not John's fault. His circuits
were killers (I speak from experience), you had to be fit to
get round once. Overseas Club has been indebted to the
school Authorities for allowing us these facilities each
rugby season since 1964. John personally ran these training
sessions for three years. Trevor Ricketts, who succeeded
John as Senior P.E. Instructor at Tal Handaq in September,
1967, has continued the Thursday evening training sessions to
this date (1976/77). The Club is indeed indebted to John
and Trevor.
</p>

<p>
During this season, up to the 9th January, 1965, Mr. P.
Garnons-Williams, Fixture Secretary, gave an excellent press
coverage in the local papers, 'Times of Malta' and 'Malta
News', on each game in which Overseas participated. Unfortunately
his reports faded out after the 9th January. These reports,
together with the Team Captain's end of season list of games
and results, have been used to record the season's results,
also the main scorers. In his report on the opening match
against the Duke of Edinburgh Royal Regiment Wanderers, Mr
Garnons-Williams said that, unlike previous seasons, the
majority of our players were fit. In his end of season
report the Team Captain said 'for the first time ever the
Overseas were amongst the fittest on the field. The team
owes a great deal to John Bowen for giving up his time to
achieve this.'
</p>

<p>
On the 31st January, 1965 Overseas entered two Invitation
Teams in the Navy 7's Tournament. In the final of the Cup,
Overseas 'A' lost to Falcon 'B' by 8 points to 3, and in the
final of the Plate, Overseas 'B' lost to St. Angelo by 24 points
to nil. We also entered two teams in the Inter Service 7's on
the 27th February, 1965, with not quite as impressive results.
</p>

<p>
Throughout the season Overseas had a fairly strong and
consistent XV. After a slow start the forwards improved, with
Jack Hands (Team Captain) and Peter Hanshall most often
mentioned in dispatches, whilst the back division was strong
and potentially always dangerous. The backs mentioned in the
Team Captain's report on the 14th January, 1965, were Brian
Jackson (Senior), full back, David Agar, wing, John Evans and
Ken Lawrence (Centre or stand off) and Keith Donavon, scrum
half. Also mentioned were the good reserves available over
the Christmas holidays with the arrival of Roger Wilson, Jim
O'Doine and Patrick Hamilton-Hill, not forgetting Brian
Jackson (Junior) (no relation of Brian Jackson senior) who
was a very good stand-in as scrum half. The Captain expressed
the opinion that the Club was in for a record season and today
(14th January) one record had been broken when Brian Jackson
(senior) had scored 108 points. The Team Captain's end of season
report confirmed that Overseas played much improved rugby winning
17 out of their 26 games, which beat their previous best season
of 10 wins in 1962/63, and scored 467 points with 167 against.
</p>

<p>
Fortunately, although no final complete results of player's
averages is available, Brian Jackson has been able to confirm
that he scored the record number of 187 points in the season
(1964/65), including 13 tries. 13 tries from the full back
position is pretty good. Brian also confirmed that David Agar
scored 12 tries during the same season although there is no
record of David's final points tally.
</p>

</body>
</html>

