<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN" 
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
    <title>Rugby Season 1978/79 Report</title>
    <style type="text/css">
        body {
            font-family: Arial, sans-serif;
        }
        h1 {
            text-align: center;
        }
        p {
            text-align: justify;
        }
        blockquote {
            margin: 20px;
            font-style: italic;
        }
    </style>
</head>
<body>
    <h1>Rugby Season 1978/79 Report</h1>
    <p>Problems arose during this season, and except for a period in January and February there were games most Saturdays or Sundays. The last game that an Overseas XV was ever to play against a British Service XV was on Saturday, 24th March, 1979, versus H.M.S. London. A memorable but sad occasion. After the British Services left Malta at the end of March, the rugby season came to a close with 2 games versus the Minestrones and St. Edwards College.</p>
    <p>Besides the games against H.M. Ships, the highlights of the season were the visit of the touring side, Tallyuain Rugby Club, from Guent, the 7-a-side Tournament, and undoubtedly the tour by 'Seas to Sicily.</p>
    <p>From all reports, the 7-a-side Tournament sponsored by Farsons, and organized by Overseas, was a success, even though rain and wind spoilt it from the spectators’ point of view. The schoolboys put up an excellent show though unfortunately they were picked to play against the Royal Marines 'A' Team, winners of the competition. Most information is to be gained from a newspaper report, and I quote:</p>
    <blockquote>
        "A 7-a-side tournament was held at the Marsa on Saturday, December 23, at which six teams competed for prizes presented by Simonds Farsons Cisk Ltd. It was encouraging for the future of Rugby on the island to see two good school sides (one from St. Edwards and one made up of boys schooling in UK) and also quite a number of Maltese players.</blockquote>
    <p>It was most unfortunate that a strong wind and a heavy rain spoilt the enjoyment of the spectators for the second half of the tournament. Nevertheless some entertaining fast Rugby was played in difficult conditions by the two Comando sides, the schools' teams and the Overseas.</p>
    <p>Due to the weather conditions the presentation of the trophies, a silver salver and cups to the winners, and silver coasters to the runners-up, was postponed until Boxing Day, when Mr. A. Tabone, Marketing Manager of Simonds Farsons, made the presentations at the Overseas Club. Mr. Dave Schembri, Captain of the Overseas, presented Mr. Tabone with an Overseas Club tie."</p>
    <p>From correspondence and personal contact hopes were high that 1978/79 season would exceed all others in the number of touring sides to visit Malta. Overseas Committee spared no effort or trouble in trying to attract the potential tourists. At one time or another Overseas Committeemen were in touch with no less than nine clubs who showed interest in visiting Malta, viz. Moseley RFC, SS Vecica Roma, Sun Life Assurance Company's UK team called Wimbledon Rugby Club, British Airways Rugby Club called Trefaers, Beudas RFC, Tallyuain Rugby Club, Selkirk RFC, John Evans XV, and Siciliflora Rugby Club from Milazzo. However, in spite of the hours of Committee work and correspondence, the records show that only Tallyuain RFC visited Malta in the 1978/79 season. For one reason or another all the others dropped out.</p>
    <p>Tallyuain Rugby Club, from Guent, Wales, arranged to tour Malta between the 28th November and the 5th December. Unfortunately, their flight was delayed three days at Luton, and consequently they could only fit in the one game against Overseas on Sunday, 3rd December. Tallyuain played good rugby, beating Overseas 23-10, although the home side was not disgraced. Jack Sharp (who has worn a trench alongside the rugby pitch at the Marsa running the line for Overseas), stated his delight that 'Seas played so well, scoring two tries in the 2nd half. Rugby aside, the tour was not the success hoped for. The opinions expressed were that the visitors were all great singers, but not the most social crowd, and rather "standoffish". However, the main thing is that Overseas appreciated the good game of rugby.</p>
    <p>The Overseas tour of Sicily, between Wednesday, 28th February, and Sunday, 4th March, 1979, was a great success and certainly provided a boost to rugby in Malta. As the correspondent in the Times (of Malta) wrote, after playing various combinations of 41 Cdo R.M and Overseas against each other for the past two months, it gave the low spirited players on the island a new lease of life.</p>
</body>
</html>

