<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN" 
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
  <title>Rugby Section 1976/77</title>
  <style type="text/css">
    body {
      font-family: "Courier New", Courier, monospace;
    }
    .center {
      text-align: center;
    }
    .indent {
      text-indent: 2em;
    }
  </style>
</head>
<body>
  <h1 class="center">RUGBY SECTION 1976/77</h1>
  <p class="center">Annual General Meeting, Club House, 21, Flagstone Wharf,<br />
  Marsa, 30th September, 1976.</p>

  <p>Chairman<br />
  Hon. Secretary<br />
  Hon. Treasurer<br />
  Hon. Social Secretary<br />
  Team Captain &amp;<br />
  Fixture Secretary<br />
  Vice-Captain<br />
  'B' Team Captain<br />
  Selection Committee<br />
  R.N. Representative<br />
  R.A.F. Representative<br />
  Army Representative</p>

  <p>
  J.A. Sharp<br />
  E.G.C. Macpherson<br />
  J. Andrews<br />
  J.A. Hughes<br />
  B. Charnley<br />
  J. Andrews<br />
  M. Cassar<br />
  B. Charnley, J. Andrews and J. Sharp<br />
  C.P.O. M. Kirk and P.O. W. Wood<br />
  F/O G. Laing<br />
  Capt C. Brant &amp; Cpl. R. McArdle
  </p>

  <p class="indent">
    In spite of the problems by the gradual run-down of membership, 
    Overseas continued to field two teams throughout the season, although 
    at times with great difficulty, and with great pressure on the Rugby Section 
    Committee. It was increasingly difficult to put out a full XV. The pressures came 
    to a head at the back end of 1976 when, Mr. Jack Sharp, temporarily resigned. 
    And although struggling to continue with our high standards, we maintained 
    a full fixture list, albeit it was amongst the same few teams. Our problems 
    increased late in the season when unfortunately the 'B' Team Captain, Mr. 
    Marcel Cassar, cracked his ribs during a game.
  </p>

  <p class="indent">
    The number of senior rugby XV's in Malta now stood at 4 i.e. Overseas, 
    41 Commando, the R.A.F. and the Army, with the occasional visiting 
    H.M. ship. With so few resident teams it was a credit to the Joint Services 
    Rugby Committee that they managed to keep a full fixture list. Our Representative 
    on this Committee was Brian Charnley, Overseas Team Captain. At 'B' Team 
    level, besides the 'B' teams of the participants at senior team level, we 
    also had teams from St. Edward's College, De la Salle College, the University 
    of Malta, and the S.C.S., Tal Handaq. The fact that these Colleges and the 
    University were fielding XV's is the brighter side of the season, and of 
    great pleasure to the Overseas Club. It was a reward in itself to the present 
    and past Committees, both at General and Rugby Section level, who had worked 
    so hard over a number of years to interest and encourage the game locally. 
    Also, it was an added pleasure that the number of Maltese playing in Overseas 
    XV's and joining the Club increased during the season.
  </p>

  <p class="indent">
    Once again, at Both A and B team levels, the rugby standard of 41 Commando 
    was too high for other teams on the island and Overseas suffered several 
    defeats in fixtures with them. The season started off disastrously for Overseas 
    on the 3rd October, 1976, with a 50-20 defeat by the Army, and ended on 
    the 24th April, 1977, with a milder defeat, 13-10, by H.M. Yacht Britannia. 
    The season was quite long for Malta. Our standard improved during the season 
    with one or two new players, and the return of one or two old hands, 
    including the President, Trevor Ricketts, and over the season 
    we finished about even against the R.A.F. and the Army. 
    The Young Player of the Year Cup was awarded to Alex Darmanin.
  </p>

  <p class="indent">
    Thursday evening indoor training, organized by Brian Charnley,
  </p>
</body>
</html>

