<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN" 
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <title>EPUB Document</title>
  <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="application/xhtml+xml; charset=UTF-8" />
</head>
<body>
  <p>
    House for a function organized by them. They had to apply direct to the D.L.A. Previously we had allowed the Driving Club to use the Club House on certain occasions.
  </p>
  <p>
    During the summer months of 1961 (April to October) the Club House was kept open on Thursday evenings. Functions were arranged fortnightly although it is not recorded how successful they were. From 1962 to 1964 inclusive the Club House was closed during the summer months for varying periods and even when open there was a loss on the Bar. In 1965 a summer Committee was formed with Mr. P. Ratcliffe (Ratty), Chairman, Mr. B. Bush, Bar Manager, and Mr. B. Jackson, Treasurer. The Club House was kept open throughout the summer months and it was an unqualified success. There was a profit on the Bar of £31. Ben Bush was a born organizer. During the summers of 1966 and 1967 the Club was kept open and facilities were given to the Cricket Section.
  </p>
  <p>
    In April, 1970, we were informed by the Lands Agent that a Service or Service sponsored Civilian must be responsible as a member of the Committee in order to sign the lease. During this same period we had the opportunity of signing a Licence, drafted by the Lands Agent, which would have given us Security of Tenure for the premises even though the lands were handed back to the Maltese Government. Arrangements were made for Overseas Hon. Secretary, Mr. T.N. Ricketts, and Treasurer, Mr. G. Sharkey, to meet the Lands Agent in order to sign suitable documents to gain complete control of the Club Rooms, although there is no record of this taking place. The next record was dated the 15th October, 1970, when Mr. Sharkey was asked by Overseas Committee to look into the matter as regards Security of Tenure. However, Security of Tenure or otherwise, the matter was settled in no uncertain terms when the British Forces temporarily withdrew from Malta in January, 1972. Marsa Lodge as a Club House was lost to Overseas.
  </p>
  <p>
    (Copy of 'Responsibilities' sheet)
  </p>
  <h2>DUTY BAR MEMBER</h2>
  <p>
    Duty will be for a complete week commencing at 1400 on Saturday when the duty member for the previous week will hand over.
  </p>
  <h3>RESPONSIBILITIES</h3>
  <ol>
    <li>To be responsible for the opening and closing of the bar at the times decided by the Club Committee.
      <ul>
        <li>Wednesday 1630 to 1830</li>
        <li>Thursday 1930 to Midnight</li>
      </ul>
      <p>
        If requested, the duty bar member may, at his own discretion, extend the closing time of the bar to 0100 on Friday. The duty member will be responsible for collecting for the barman to cover this extra time
      </p>
      <ul>
        <li>Saturday 1430 to 1900</li>
      </ul>
    </li>
    <li>To be responsible for arranging transport home for the barman after the Thursday evening club night.</li>
    <li>To be responsible for organising help for the barman on Saturday and Wednesday during the busy hour after the games finish. This help must be from Club Committee Members, members</li>
  </ol>
</body>
</html>

