<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <title>Scanned Page</title>
</head>
<body>
  <p style="text-align: right;">90</p>
  <p>
    <strong>Team Trainer</strong> Mr. R. Woolliams<br />
    <strong>Student Representative</strong> Mr. J. Symes<br />
    <strong>Inter Service Representatives</strong> Lt. M. Lawrence R.N., Fl. Lt. C. East R.A.F., Lt. N. Kirk Army<br />
    <strong>Social Committee</strong> Messrs R. Daley (Secretary), T. Ricketts, D. Taylor, C. Rice, F. Ayton and F. Kitson<br />
    <strong>Club Bar Helpers</strong> Messrs N. Armstrong (Manager), J. Glover, J. Sharp, M. Barrett, R. Woolliams, T. McQuinn, C. Rice, R. Daley, D. Alexander, D. Taylor and F. Ayton<br />
  </p>

  <p>
    The Rules of the Club, as at the time of the withdrawal, were adopted. Following the adoption of the Rules, Rule 13 was amended to raise the Membership Fees to £M1 for Playing Members and Social Members, and to 50cents for Student Members. Also, Rule 2 was amended to change the word 'Rugger' to 'Rugby'.
  </p>

  <p>
    It must be pointed out at this stage that as from the 16th May, 1972, the currency in Malta went decimal. Cents and mils replaced the old shillings and pence.
  </p>

  <h2>PLAYING SEASON</h2>

  <p>
    The season started off quietly from the playing point of view, with problems of playing strength and servicing of the pitch. By January we had a good reserve strength and the playing standard had improved. Finally, at the end of the season, the Team Captain, Mr. N. Armstrong, was able to report that we had the best standard on the Island. In his own words, "all in all it had been a tremendous and extremely successful season."
  </p>

  <p>
    The team strength was built round the Captain, playing at hooker, and Jim Glover, playing at stand-off. Jim Glover, ex Oxford University Team Captain, Cornwall county player and Barbarian, could dictate play and looked as good as his impressive record. Ably assisted by Charlie Rice, Brendan Cradden and Christopher Medlicott, Overseas played an open game.
  </p>

  <p>
    The problems of servicing the pitch were gradually overcome. Prior to the withdrawal we had relied on the Services to look after the pitch, now we found that the problem was ours. As a Civilian Club, through the efforts of Jack Sharp and Bill Christie, the President of the Malta Sports Board, Dr. E. Camilleri, had given us permission to use the pitches at the Marsa, but we were expected to look after them ourselves. At the beginning of the season, the groundsman employed by the M.S.B., Mr. Selvul Busuttil, had employed outside labour to prepare the pitch. Overseas Committee appointed Mr. F. Kitson to act as liaison between the groundsman and the Club. Through the good offices of Lt. Cdr. J. Harrell and Lt. J. Lunn we were able to use the Navy marker and creosote.<br />
    Mr. D. Taylor took over the task of looking after the pitch.
  </p>

  <p>
    The highlight of the season was the defeat of HMS ARK Royal. An Overseas '7' was beaten in the final of the Inter
  </p>
</body>
</html>

