<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN" 
    "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
    <title>Page 131</title>
    <style type="text/css">
        body {
            font-family: "Times New Roman", Times, serif;
        }
        .page-number {
            text-align: right;
            margin-bottom: 20px;
        }
        .content {
            margin: 0 10px;
        }
        h2 {
            text-align: center;
            margin: 20px 0;
        }
        table {
            width: 100%;
            border-collapse: collapse;
            margin: 20px 0;
        }
        th, td {
            border: 1px solid black;
            text-align: center;
            padding: 5px;
        }
    </style>
</head>
<body>
    <div class="page-number">131</div>
    <div class="content">
        <p>
            any team. Many 41 Cdo chose to play for Overseas when possible,
            often to the detriment of less able players who had no other
            team, and so at times Overseas looked very much like 41 Cdo
            itself. Overseas players, that is, players who owed allegiance
            only to Overseas, were adversely affected, also the opposition
            started remarking on similarity of teams. The meeting was handled
            with great tact and good sense by Jack Sharp and Overseas Team
            Captain, Brian Charnley, to the general satisfaction of all
            concerned. 41 Cdo were friends of all gathered and no one wished
            to offend. The rugby community in Malta is of necessity a very
            close unit, and as Brian Charnley said on addressing the meeting
            ‘Overseas' was unique, it was more than a Club, the team was
            made up of Civilians, 41 Cdo, Battery, Navy and R.A.F. From this
            point Overseas recreated its own identity and rugby was more
            enjoyable for all concerned. This was a chance for Brian, also
            James Andrews, Team Vice-Captain, to pep up Overseas players
            on lack of fitness, asking them to let the Captain know they wished
            for a game, promptness on the field etc. - The meeting was a good
            airing of views and a success. At the end of the season Jack
            Sharp stressed that in view of the difference of opinion
            encountered this season, we should have Service Representatives
            on the Rugby Section Committee next year. The same practice
            was adopted when we had our Club House at Nasra Lodge.
        </p>
        <p>
            Consequent to the above, the second half of the season was
            more enjoyable and according to the Captain, our standard of
            play generally improved. He described the season as reasonably
            successful after a disappointing start. Brian did not comment
            on the play of any individual, but there is no doubt that Brian
            himself earned his place playing at scrum half for the Malta XV.
            Dick McArdle and Brian were our most consistent players. Credit
            is due to Marcel Cassar who captained the 'B' Team under great
            odds, always short of players. He gave a great deal of his time
            and energy looking for players during the week, and he was
            a tower of strength on the field. No player was considered to
            have earned the 'Most Improved Player of the Year' Cup. The
            'Young Player of the Year' Cup was presented to Peter Traynor.
        </p>
        <h2>POINTS SCORED BY INDIVIDUAL PLAYERS 1975/76</h2>
        <p>
            Figures before commas - 1st team<br />
            Figures after commas - B team
        </p>
        <table>
            <tr>
                <th>Points from:</th>
                <th>Tries</th>
                <th>Con.</th>
                <th>Pen.</th>
                <th>Total</th>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>R. McArdle</td>
                <td>56, 0</td>
                <td>24, 0</td>
                <td>12, 0</td>
                <td>92</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>B. Charnley</td>
                <td>36, 4</td>
                <td>30, 0</td>
                <td>0</td>
                <td>70</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>W. Wood</td>
                <td>28, 24</td>
                <td>0, 4</td>
                <td>0</td>
                <td>56</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>W. Crossfield</td>
                <td>12, 28</td>
                <td>0</td>
                <td>0</td>
                <td>40</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>C. Wedlicott</td>
                <td>24, 0</td>
                <td>0</td>
                <td>0</td>
                <td>24</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>T. Bonar</td>
                <td>4, 0</td>
                <td>0, 12</td>
                <td>20</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>H. Archer</td>
                <td>16, 0</td>
                <td>0</td>
                <td>0</td>
                <td>16</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>D. Rees</td>
                <td>4, 8</td>
                <td>0, 4</td>
                <td>16</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>D. Syrad</td>
                <td>8, 4</td>
                <td>0, 2</td>
                <td>0</td>
                <td>14</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>T. Wadsworth</td>
                <td>12, 0</td>
                <td>0</td>
                <td>0</td>
                <td>12</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>M. Cassar</td>
                <td>0, 12</td>
                <td>12</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>F. Vella</td>
                <td>0, 12</td>
                <td>12</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>G. Moore</td>
                <td>8, 0</td>
                <td>8</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>M. Gorwyn</td>
                <td>4, 4</td>
                <td>8</td>
            </tr>
        </table>
    </div>
</body>
</html>

