<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
    "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
    <title>Match Report</title>
    <style type="text/css">
        body { font-family: 'Courier New', Courier, monospace; }
        h1 { text-align: center; }
        table { width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse; }
        th, td { border: 1px solid black; padding: 5px; text-align: left; }
        th { font-weight: bold; }
        .center { text-align: center; }
    </style>
</head>
<body>

<h1>69</h1>

<table>
    <thead>
        <tr>
            <th>Date</th>
            <th>Teams & Scores</th>
            <th>Referees</th>
        </tr>
    </thead>
    <tbody>
        <tr>
            <td>Mon. 15th April</td>
            <td>Combined Services 5<br />John Evans XV 6</td>
            <td>Staff Sgt. W.J. Thomas</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>Tues. 16th April</td>
            <td>Overseas 8<br />John Evans XV 18</td>
            <td>Sub. Lt. J.H. Miller</td>
        </tr>
    </tbody>
</table>

<h2>Individual Scores by Overseas Players</h2>
<table>
    <thead>
        <tr>
            <th>Player</th>
            <th>Scores</th>
            <th>Opponent & Breakdown of Score</th>
        </tr>
    </thead>
    <tbody>
        <tr>
            <td>P. Miller</td>
            <td>3 tries, 1 conversion</td>
            <td>vs Nomads (1 goal, 1 try)</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>C. Brown</td>
            <td>2 tries</td>
            <td></td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>J. Armstrong</td>
            <td>2 tries</td>
            <td></td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>D. Brooks</td>
            <td>1 try, 2 conversions</td>
            <td></td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>C. Rice</td>
            <td>1 try</td>
            <td></td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>B. Jackson</td>
            <td>1 Conversion</td>
            <td></td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>P. Miller</td>
            <td>1 try</td>
            <td>vs CUS - 13th April (1 penalty)</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>E. McClure</td>
            <td>1 try</td>
            <td></td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>C. Brown</td>
            <td>2 tries</td>
            <td>vs CUS - 15th April (1 goal, 2 tries)</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>Grey</td>
            <td>1 try</td>
            <td></td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>Grey</td>
            <td>2 tries</td>
            <td>vs John Evans XV (5 tries, 1 penalty)</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>D. Brooks</td>
            <td>1 Conversion</td>
            <td></td>
        </tr>
    </tbody>
</table>

<p>
    The game against the Tripoli Nomads were played on No. 3 pitch, Marsa and those against the CUS and John Evans XV were played on the Stadium pitch, Marsa. Playing so late in the season presented difficulties with dry and hard grounds. Thanks must go to Mr. Hanlon, Sports Field, M.P.B.W., for caring for and constant watering of the pitches. The referees were provided by the Referees Panel, Malta, Secretary, Staff Sgt. W.J. Thomas.
</p>
<p>
    The Nomads, R.F.C. from Tripoli, Libya (13 in party) stopped at St. Julians Hotel, Paceville, at their own expense. Overseas provided transport. The Tour was arranged for the Nomads, initially, by Secretary, Mr. D. Webb, and later arrangements by Secretary, Mr. R. Harrison. Unfortunately, 5 of their players were unable to make the tour due to Visa problems at the Tripoli end, and they were further handicapped by injury problems on the tour. F.O. L.C.V. Hill, Secretary R.A.F. (Malta) R.U., helped the tourists by providing players to complete their team. In spite of the high scores against them, in the words of the local correspondent in the Times of Malta, the Nomads provided fine sport and Bill Dunlop's Trojan efforts in their back row was the highlight of their play.
</p>
<p>
    The Nomads were followed by the CUS, Messina, on the return visit (19 in party). CUS stopped at Mount St. Joseph House, Targa Gap, Mosta, with expenses paid by Overseas. Overseas provided transport. Like all rugby teams, CUS enjoyed life, and I think Father Dammairn, Principal of Mount St. Joseph House, was very understanding. The Sicilians played good rugby and this time, in two very exciting open games, the honours were even. Overseas tried, as far as possible, to play the same team as that which visited Messina. Looking back, Overseas/CUS tours and games proved a very interesting part of Overseas history.
</p>
<p>
    Finally, we had the tour of John Evans' party from South
</p>

</body>
</html>

