<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN" 
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
    <title>1969/70 Annual General Meeting</title>
    <style type="text/css">
        body { font-family: "Courier New", Courier, monospace; }
        h1 { text-align: center; }
        .section-title { margin-top: 20px; font-weight: bold; }
        .officials, .representatives { margin-top: 10px; }
        .officials td, .representatives td { padding: 2px 10px; vertical-align: top; }
        p { text-align: justify; }
    </style>
</head>
<body>
    <h1>1969/70</h1>
    <p>Annual General Meeting, Marsa Lodge, 11th September, 1969</p>

    <div class="section-title">The following Officials were elected:</div>
    <table class="officials">
        <tr><td>President</td><td>Mr. J.P. Ratcliffe</td></tr>
        <tr><td>Vice-Presidents</td><td>Mr. J. Christie<br/>Mr. F. Kitson<br/>Mr. J. Handford<br/>Mr. P. Henshall</td></tr>
        <tr><td>Hon. Secretary</td><td>Mr. T.N. Ricketts</td></tr>
        <tr><td>Hon. Treasurer</td><td>Mr. G. Sharkey</td></tr>
        <tr><td>Hon. Social Secretary</td><td>Mr. G. Charlton</td></tr>
        <tr><td>Club House/Bar Manager</td><td>Mr. R. Daley</td></tr>
        <tr><td>Team Captain and Hon. Fixture Secretary</td><td>Mr. P. Miller</td></tr>
        <tr><td>Team Vice Captain</td><td>Mr. E. McClure</td></tr>
        <tr><td>Tours Secretary</td><td>Mr. A. Braggar</td></tr>
        <tr><td>Selection Committee</td><td>Messrs. P. Miller, E. McClure and F. Kitson<br/>(F. Kitson elected in Committee, 25.9.69)</td></tr>
        <tr><td>Team Trainer</td><td>Mr. D. Williams</td></tr>
        <tr><td>Student Representative</td><td>Mr. J. Norris</td></tr>
        <tr><td>Inter Service Representatives:</td>
            <td>Sub. Lt. J. Miller R.N.<br/>
                Fl. Lt. L.C.V. Hill R.A.F.<br/>
                Capt. M. Adams Army
            </td>
        </tr>
    </table>

    <p class="section-title">Fixture Card 1969/70 printed after the start of the season gave Inter-Service Representatives as the following:</p>
    <table class="representatives">
        <tr><td>Surg. Cdr. R. Pearson</td><td>R.N.</td></tr>
        <tr><td>W.O. W. Thomas</td><td>Army</td></tr>
        <tr><td>F/O N. Radcliffe</td><td>R.A.F.</td></tr>
    </table>

    <div class="section-title">Social Committee</div>
    <p>Messrs. C. Charlton (Secretary); M. Farnan; J. Why; R. Walker; H. Fudge; D. Davies and B. Lloyd.</p>

    <div class="section-title">Club Bar Helpers</div>
    <p>Messrs. R. Daley (Manager); B. Jackson; R. Walker; R. Nicol; M. Farnan; P. Henshall and D. Davies</p>

    <p>The President, Mr. J.P. Ratcliffe, in his address thanked the three Services, placing on record the fact that without them we would have no Club House, no pitch, no referees, no opposition, no Rugby, and therefore no Overseas. In other words we would cease to exist. Over the years, since the inception of the Club, this Statement has remained mostly true, and the fact that in this situation we have remained a completely 'Civilian' Club, and I believe, the centre of Rugby in Malta, is unique. Ratty could have said that we have relied on Service personnel joining the Club as 'Civilians' for a fair percentage of our players, in varying degrees, over the years. It must be said that we have not always relied on the Services for a Club House, we have provided the occasional 'Civilian' referees, and the only non Service opposition has been the odd touring team.</p>

    <p>The President also commented on the fact that although we had heard nothing official, it was rumoured that part or the whole of the Marsa grounds may be returned to the Malta Government. This included our Club House at the Marsa. Apparently these rumours came from various press reports. This fortunately did not happen until after the withdrawal of the</p>
</body>
</html>

