<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
<head>
    <title>Hockey Section Report</title>
</head>
<body>
    <p>for Overseas for 2 years, and had developed into a skilful player, winning the Club award as the 'Outstanding Player of 1977/78'. He was also Captain of the Tal Handaq XI.</p>
    
    <p>In what is the final year of the Hockey Section it is almost impossible to say too much in praise of the small band of men who have formed the Hockey Section Committee, particularly Peter Marchant and Dave Walker, who, since 1975/76 have shouldered most of the offices of the section between them. Also, prior to 1975/76, the same must be said of Dave Taylor and Dave Ditcham. Always fighting against loss of players and paucity of fixtures, and at the same time improving their standard on the field.</p>
    
    <p>In the summer of 1978, all the present Hockey Section Committee, and almost all Section players, will leave Malta. I am informed by Dave Walker, that the last function arranged for the Hockey Section is a Dinner Dance at the Arches, Mellieha, on the 28th April, 1978. This will be the last social occasion and will signal the end of the Overseas Hockey Section.</p>
    
    <p>My Thanks to Dave Walker for details from his Section reports, for vetting and bringing up to date work done, and to Trevor Ricketts and Committee, for access to Committee minutes, in writing the last 3 years of Hockey Section history.</p>

    <h2>PLAYING RECORD FOR 1977/78</h2>
    
    <h3>League</h3>
    <p>Navy&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;W 3-1&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;W 6-0<br/>
    Army&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;L 2-3<br/>
    R.A.F.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;L 0-4&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;L 1-3<br/>
    Army&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Cancelled</p>
    
    <h3>Friendlies</h3>
    <p>Tal Handaq&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;W 1-0&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;D 1-1<br/>
    De la Salle&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;W 1-0&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;D 1-1<br/>
    Young Stars&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;L 0-4&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;L 0-1<br/>
    R.A.F.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;L 1-3<br/>
    Greenpads&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;L 0-1<br/>
    Qormi&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;L 2-3<br/>
    HMS Tiger&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;W 2-1<br/>
    HMS London&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;W 3-1<br/>
    HMS Fearless&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;W 2-1</p>

    <h3>SIX-A-SIDE</h3>
    <p><strong>White Hart</strong><br/>
    Luxol&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;W 1-0<br/>
    Qormi&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;L 0-1<br/>
    White Hart&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;L 0-2<br/>
    Com.Servs&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;L 1-3</p>
    
    <h3>Inter-Services</h3>
    <p>Tal Handaq 'B'&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;W 1-0<br/>
    41 Commando&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;W 1-0<br/>
    HMS Fearless&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;D 0-0<br/>
    R.A.F.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;L 0-1</p>
    
    <p>It might be of interest that Tal Handaq won the Malta under 18 Six-a-side, and reached the Semi-final of the Inter-Services Sixes. Under 16 are in the Semi-final of their Malta League.</p>

</body>
</html>

