<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN" 
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
    <title>Social Functions 1976/77</title>
    <style type="text/css">
        body { font-family: serif; }
        h1, h2 { text-align: center; }
        p { text-align: justify; }
        .indent { text-indent: 2em; }
    </style>
</head>
<body>
    <h1>Social Functions 1976/77</h1>

    <p class="indent">
        As with all sections of the Club, the Social Life suffered 
        with the gradual run-down of membership, and the Social Secretary 
        Mr. John Hughes, did not find it easy to keep things going. 
        Nevertheless, the season proved to be very full, and very 
        successful. Club nights, especially on film nights, were well 
        supported by members. The films, again provided by Jack Sharp 
        were shown fortnightly throughout the winter months, increasing 
        to one per week during March (1977) in order to raise funds for 
        the proposed rugby tour to Messina. The Social Secretary 
        attempted, to no avail, to get members to accept invitations 
        to other clubs. Functions held during the year included a 
        Bonfire Party & Disco on the 14th November, 1976 and a Children's 
        Christmas Party on the 21st December, 1976. Both were held at 
        the Club House and were very successful. The Children's Party 
        was run efficiently by Mike Newton and Alan Latham, with Bill 
        Wood taking on the vital part of Santa Claus.
    </p>

    <p class="indent">
        The Social life was livened by three successful and enjoyable 
        Dinner Dances and also the main Club function of the year, the 
        Annual Dinner Dance. The Cricket Section dance on the 13th 
        November, 1976, and the Soccer Section dance organised by 
        Tom Jordan, Soccer Section Social Secretary, on the 11th December, 
        1976, were both held at the Crystal Hotel, Bugibba, and the Rugby 
        Section dance on the 1st March, 1977 was held at the Whisper 
        Knight Club, Mosta. The Rugby Section event ended with an 
        impromptu cabaret consisting of Trevor Ricketts and Bill Wood 
        singing and Alex Darminin playing the piano, followed by that 
        nightmare of all Club proprietors where rugby followers are 
        concerned, the passing around of a rugby ball, produced by Team 
        Captain, Brian Charnley in preparation for the week-end game. 
        The Club Annual Dinner Dance was held at the Malta Sports Club on 
        Saturday, 30th April, 1977, and was a great success enjoyed by 
        105 members and guests. The venue for the Annual Dinner Dance 
        was chosen for sentimental reasons, as well as the fact that 
        functions held there have always been a success. It was felt 
        by the President and Committee that it would be nice to return 
        to the place which had been our home for such social occasions for 
        many years, in view of the very depressing fact that this could 
        be the last to be held by the Club. The season ended with the 
        usual round of parties given by or for the members leaving and 
        this included Overseas Farewell 'Do' for John Hughes, also 
        for Brian Charnley, Team Captain, on Thursday, 30th June, 1977. 
        John left Malta on the 23rd July, and this was the Club's loss. 
        Not only had he been Social Secretary of the Main Club for the 
        2 years, 1975-77, but also Social Secretary of the Rugby and 
        Cricket Sections during the same period, plus Social Secretary 
        for the Hockey Section in 1976/77, and he gave a great deal of 
        his time and energy to ensure that all the functions he arranged 
        were a success, socially and financially. John also enjoyed 
        his game of rugby. Brian has been mentioned in the Rugby Section 
        1976/77. Although, as Social Secretary, John Hughes was the 
        front man, a great deal of credit for a successful season must 
        be given to the Bar Manager, Martin Crossfield, also to James 
        Andrews, Hon. General Treasurer, and who, as General Manager of 
        Andrews Feeds, looked after the Club House premises on behalf of 
        the firm, and did most of the buying and delivering of stock.
    </p>
    
</body>
</html>

