<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
<head>
    <meta charset="UTF-8"/>
    <title>Document</title>
    <style type="text/css">
        body {
            font-family: serif;
        }
        .page-number {
            text-align: center;
            font-weight: bold;
        }
        .motion {
            margin-top: 1em;
            font-weight: bold;
        }
        .rules-title {
            text-align: center;
            margin-top: 1em;
            font-weight: bold;
            text-decoration: underline;
        }
        .rule {
            margin: 1em 0;
        }
        ol {
            list-style-type: decimal;
            margin-left: 0;
            padding-left: 1em;
        }
    </style>
</head>
<body>
    <div class="page-number">95</div>

    <p>At this point I would mention that Club membership has always been open to lady members, although, in general, they have not been encouraged. My wife, Amy, is very proud of having been the first Lady Member of the Club, at least to be issued with a Membership Card, in 1958. Also, as previously mentioned in this history, Mrs. M. Rushworth and Mrs. N. Polkinghorne were Committee Members in years 1958-60, and Mrs. Rushworth was elected Hon. Social Secretary at the A.G.M. 1959.</p>

    <p>The proposed rules were based on the existing rules, plus the rules previously mentioned, as required by the Malta Police Licensing Authorities, appertaining to Membership. Amendments had been made to the resolution, prior to being put to the members, particularly as regards keeping the word 'Rugby' in the name of the Club, and the following motions were put to the Members.</p>

    <div class="motion">MOTION 1: That the Club Rules be changed to the following:-</div>

    <div class="rules-title">RULES OF THE OVERSEAS RUGBY AND SPORTS CLUB, MALTA, G.C.</div>

    <div class="rule">
        <ol>
            <li>That the name of the Club be: THE OVERSEAS RUGBY AND SPORTS CLUB, MALTA, G.C.</li>

            <li>That the object of the Club is to foster a true sporting spirit on the Island of Malta by providing facilities for:
                <ol type="a">
                    <li>All Service and Civilian players who are unable to play for any other team, i.e. Members of Units unable to field a side.</li>
                    <li>All Service and Civilian players, who, although committed to play for a Unit side during the week, wish to play for the Club on any other occasion.</li>
                    <li>Non-playing sports enthusiasts who may support the Club and join in the social life.</li>
                </ol>
            </li>

            <li>That the Management of the Club shall be entrusted to a General Committee of such officers as shall be elected at the Annual General Meeting. Liaison with the Representatives of the Services shall be effected by means of the Joint Services Representatives in each sport.</li>

            <li>That the General Committee of the Club shall consist of:
                <br/>President
                <br/>Vice-Presidents
                <br/>Hon. General Secretary
                <br/>Hon. General Treasurer
                <br/>Bar Manager
                <br/>Social Secretary
                <br/>Secretary for each Section
                <br/>Chairman for each Section.
                <br/>The Officers to hold office for one year and to be elected by members at an Annual General Meeting.
            </li>

            <li>That the General Committee shall have powers to fill any vacancies which may arise in their number during the course of the year, have full power to co-opt as may be found expedient, and delegate any of its duties to such other Committees as may be necessary.</li>

            <li>Each Section shall be governed by its own Committee which shall consist of: Chairman; Hon. Secretary; Hon. Treasurer; Captain, and Vice-Captain. The Officers to hold office for one year and be elected by the members at the Annual General Meeting. Each Section Committee shall be fully accountable to the General</li>
        </ol>
    </div>
</body>
</html>

