<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html 
    PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN" 
    "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
    <title>Scanned Page</title>
    <style type="text/css">
        body { font-family: sans-serif; margin: 2em; }
        .title { text-align: center; font-weight: bold; }
        .main-content { margin-top: 1.5em; }
        .player-list { margin-top: 1.5em; }
        .player-list p { margin: 0.5em 0; }
    </style>
</head>
<body>
    <p class="main-content">
        Wales. John, an Ex Overseas player, brought an exceptionally
        talented party of players, including Derek Morgan (England and
        Barbarians). This was a memorable tour. They were billeted
        at 234 Signal Squadron Mess, Lintorn Barracks, Floriana, by
        kind permission of Major Brian Woods, at a very moderate cost
        to the tourists. Arrangements for accommodation and transport
        were made by Capt. Mike Adams, Secretary, Army (Malta) R.U.
        In two extremely hard fought games the visitors remained
        undefeated. Both games were dominated by the outstanding
        play and leadership of Derek Morgan, who at times seemed to
        dictate events almost at will. The outstanding player for
        Overseas was 'Taffy' Grey, forward, who scored two tries.
        It was a fitting finale to an enjoyable season.
    </p>
    <p class="main-content">
        Arrangements were made by Mr. R. Squires, with the kind
        permission of Surgeon Captain McLintock, R.N., Royal Naval
        Hospital, Bighi, for members of the touring teams in Malta
        over the Easter period to be treated as out-patients and
        hospitalized in the R.N. Hospital. This service was free
        under a 'Grace and Favour' scheme.
    </p>
    <p class="main-content">
        And so ended perhaps the most memorable playing season
        of all. Amongst the memories of the normal Saturday and
        Sunday games, one thinks of two very pretty girls who took
        the oranges on at half time, Judith Cross and Maureen Jones,
        they too were part of this season. Also Arthur Cross who
        took his duties as Trainer on the afternoon of a game very
        seriously. The Cup for the 'Most Improved Player' was not
        presented for the 1967/68 season.
    </p>
    <h2 class="title">JOHN EVANS' TOURING PARTY</h2>
    <div class="player-list">
        <p>J. Evans – Out half or centre, Newport H.S.O.B.,
            Overseas R.U.F.C., Malta.</p>
        <p>W.G.D. Morgan – No 8. England, Barbarians, Northumberland 
            and Monmouthshire, Captain of Durham University</p>
        <p>M.J. Thwaites – 2nd Row. Royal Dental Hospital, 
            Newport H.S.O.B.</p>
        <p>P.R.V. Sinden – Newport H.S.O.B.</p>
        <p>M.T. Croad – Prop. Royal Dental Hospital, 
            Newport H.S.O.B.</p>
        <p>J.C. Croad – Wing Forward, Captain, University of 
            Wales; Dental School</p>
        <p>A. Boynes (Dr) – 2nd row and No 8; Cardiff University, 
            Cardiff Medicals.</p>
        <p>R. Hope – Wing; Royal Dental</p>
        <p>G. Daniels (Dr) – Wing or centre; Cardiff University; 
            Medicals</p>
        <p>P. Iles – Centre; Ebbw Vale, Toured S. Africa in 
            1965 with combined Glyneath & Rhymney</p>
        <p>P. Williams – Out Half; Tredegar. Toured S. Africa in 
            1965 with combined Glyneath & Rhymney</p>
        <p>I. Stuart – Centre; Durham University, Medicals</p>
        <p>D.D. Jones – Scrum Half; Newbridge, Captain Royal 
            Dental Hospital</p>
        <p>C. Evans – Wing; Glamorgan Wanderers</p>
        <p>P. Hill – Centre or Wing; Sheffield University</p>
        <p>J. Peterkin – Prop; Sheffield University; Sheffield Tigers 
            Captain of Dental School</p>
        <p>E. Thomas</p>
        <p>P. Griffiths</p>
    </div>
</body>
</html>

