<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/, se: https://standardebooks.org/vocab/1.0" xml:lang="en-GB">
	<head>
		<title>1976/77</title>
		<link href="../css/core.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
		<link href="../css/local.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
	</head>
	<body epub:type="bodymatter z3998:non-fiction">
		<section id="chapter-22" epub:type="chapter">
			<!--PAGE 161-->
			<h2 epub:type="title">1976/77</h2>
			<section id="chapter-22-1" epub:type="z3998:subchapter">
				<h3 epub:type="title">General Committee</h3>
				<p>Annual General Meeting, Club House, 30th September, 1976.</p>
				<p>The following Officials were elected:</p>
				<table class="elected-officials">
					<tbody>
						<tr>
							<th scope="row">President</th>
							<td><abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">T. N.</abbr> Ricketts</td>
						</tr>
						<tr>
							<th scope="row">Vice-Presidents</th>
							<td>
								<ul>
									<li>
										<p><abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">M.</abbr> Newton</p>
									</li>
									<li>
										<p><abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">C.</abbr> Fox</p>
									</li>
									<li>
										<p><abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">J.</abbr> Sharp</p>
									</li>
									<li>
										<p><abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">D.</abbr> Alexander</p>
									</li>
									<li>
										<p><abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">F.</abbr> Kitson</p>
									</li>
									<li>
										<p><abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">A.</abbr> Latham</p>
									</li>
									<li>
										<p><abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">B.</abbr> Charnley</p>
									</li>
									<li>
										<p><abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">D.</abbr> Walker</p>
									</li>
									<li>
										<p><abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">B.</abbr> Leonard</p>
									</li>
									<li>
										<p><abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Hon.</abbr> <abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">P. J.</abbr> Tyler</p>
									</li>
								</ul>
							</td>
						</tr>
						<tr>
							<th scope="row"><abbr epub:type="z3998:truncation">Hon.</abbr> General Secretary</th>
							<td><abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">C. E.</abbr> Fitches</td>
						</tr>
						<tr>
							<th scope="row"><abbr epub:type="z3998:truncation">Hon.</abbr> General Treasurer</th>
							<td><abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">J.</abbr> Andrews</td>
						</tr>
						<tr>
							<th scope="row"><abbr epub:type="z3998:truncation">Hon.</abbr> General Social Secretary</th>
							<td><abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">J. A.</abbr> Hughes</td>
						</tr>
						<tr>
							<th scope="row">Membership Secretary</th>
							<td><abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">A.</abbr> Latham</td>
						</tr>
						<tr>
							<th scope="row">Club House/Bar Manager</th>
							<td><abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">M.</abbr> Crossfield</td>
						</tr>
						<tr>
							<th scope="row">Social Committee</th>
							<td><abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">J. A.</abbr> Hughes (Secretary), and one member from each Section</td>
						</tr>
						<tr>
							<th scope="row">Bar Committee</th>
							<td>
								<ul>
									<li>
										<p><abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">M.</abbr> Crossfield (Manager)</p>
									</li>
									<li>
										<p><abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">G.</abbr> Davey</p>
									</li>
									<li>
										<p><abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">S.</abbr> Newman</p>
									</li>
									<li>
										<p><abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">J.</abbr> Hughes</p>
									</li>
									<li>
										<p><abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">W.</abbr> Wood</p>
									</li>
								</ul>
							</td>
						</tr>
					</tbody>
				</table>
				<p>After 4 years as <abbr epub:type="z3998:truncation">Hon.</abbr> Secretary, followed by 3 years as <abbr epub:type="z3998:truncation">Hon.</abbr> General Secretary, Trevor Ricketts was honoured by being elected the 12th President of the Club. It was an honour well deserved. The Office of <abbr epub:type="z3998:truncation">Hon.</abbr> General Secretary was taken over by Charlie Fitches.</p>
			</section>
			<section id="chapter-22-2" epub:type="z3998:subchapter">
				<h3 epub:type="title">Steering Committee for the Run Down of the Club</h3>
				<p>With the 7-year Defence Agreement between Malta and Britain due to end in March, 1979, and the consequent complete withdrawal of all British Forces and <abbr epub:type="z3998:initialism">U.K.</abbr> Based Civilians from Malta, there exists the very real possibility that on or before that date the Overseas Rugby and Sports Club will be forced to close down. Besides the obvious problem of lack of numbers, there is the question of whether the Maltese, members and non-members, have sufficient interest to keep the non-Maltese sports of rugby and cricket alive in Malta. As for soccer and hockey, especially with soccer being the Maltese national game, the question is whether there would be the continued need for “Overseas” XIs. All sections of the Club have already felt the strain of decreasing numbers and lack of fixtures as the British Forces have gradually withdrawn, but the testing time will finally arrive when the last of the British Service Schools, Tal Handaq and Luqa, close in July, 1978. The biggest proportion of our present membership comes from the Service schools, particularly <abbr epub:type="z3998:initialism">S.C.S.</abbr> Tal Handaq, and to a lesser extent from the Services. With this in mind, in February, 1977, at the suggestion of the General Secretary, <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr> <abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">C.</abbr> Fitches, the Overseas General Committee formed a Steering Committee to consider the future activities of the Club, and ultimately to make recommendations with regard to the distribution and eventual disposal of the Club’s funds.</p>
				<p>The Steering Committee was formed from members of the General Committee and was made up as follows:</p>
				<ul>
					<li>
						<p><abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr> <abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">C.</abbr> Fox (Chairman)</p>
					</li>
					<li>
						<p><abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr> <abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">J.</abbr> Sharp</p>
					</li>
					<li>
						<p><abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr> <abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">J.</abbr> Andrews</p>
					</li>
					<li>
						<p><abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr> <abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">B.</abbr> Leonard</p>
					</li>
				</ul>
				<p>The Steering Committee met twice during the second half of the 1976/77 season, and having examined the full list of members, both playing and social, the Chairman, <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr> <abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">C.</abbr> Fox,<!--PAGE 162--> was able to report to the <abbr epub:type="z3998:initialism">A.G.M.</abbr> on the 30th September, 1977, that subject to the continued availability of the Marsa Pitch, rugby will continue for another season (1977/78), we shall have a soccer and hockey team, and that we shall enjoy cricket at least until the end of July, 1978. At the same time the Steering Committee decided that there might just be a possibility of leaving a nucleus of an Overseas, in a much reduced form, here after 1979.</p>
				<p>The Steering Committee’s suggestion that interested members of the Services and the University might be co-opted on the General Committee to ensure that the game of rugby will continue after this season, was adopted by the General Committee.</p>
			</section>
			<section id="chapter-22-3" epub:type="z3998:subchapter">
				<h3 epub:type="title">Finances</h3>
				<p>At the end of 1976/77 the <abbr epub:type="z3998:truncation">Hon.</abbr> General Treasurer, <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr> <abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">J.</abbr> Andrews, was able to report that available funds amounted to £M225.53, and that the <abbr epub:type="z3998:initialism">U.K.</abbr> balance stood at £123.37. This was attributed not only to the healthy profit from the Bar of £M175.81, a figure considerably higher than in recent years, but also to all social functions being financially successful. The financial position of the Club was described as being very sound, and in his end of year report the President was able to thank James Andrews for his meticulous book-keeping and his desire to sort out problems at any time.</p>
				<p>In addition to the above, the sum of £M172 was still owing to the Club from the sale of T.Shirts. This was a project in which Jeff Bonner had 200 White T.Shirts printed with the name of Overseas Rugby &amp; Sports Club, Malta, a Maltese Cross incorporating the initials <abbr epub:type="z3998:initialism">O.R.S.C.</abbr>, and a picture of the Maltese Islands. It was not only financially sound and the shirts popular, but it was a means of spreading the word about the Club in Malta, and in the <abbr class="eoc" epub:type="z3998:initialism">U.K.</abbr></p>
			</section>
			<section id="chapter-22-4" epub:type="z3998:subchapter">
				<h3 epub:type="title">Membership</h3>
				<p>In 1976/77, a difficult year in which the withdrawal of the British Forces and <abbr epub:type="z3998:initialism">U.K.</abbr> Based Civilians was beginning to show in the Club’s membership strength, the Membership Secretary, <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr> Alan Latham, was able to report a fully paid up membership of 77, including 5 students. A difficult job in difficult time, added to the fact that due to the relaxed nature of rugby in Malta, it was virtually impossible to insist all players were members. These figures compare with previous years as follows:</p>
				<table>
					<tbody>
						<tr>
							<td>1973/74</td>
							<td>96 members including 25 students</td>
						</tr>
						<tr>
							<td>1974/75</td>
							<td>87 members including 1 student</td>
						</tr>
						<tr>
							<td>1975/76</td>
							<td>130 members including no students</td>
						</tr>
					</tbody>
				</table>
				<p>Over the years the task of Membership Secretary had almost always been carried out by the <abbr epub:type="z3998:truncation">Hon.</abbr> Secretary, and it was not until 1973/74, when the membership increased on Overseas becoming a Sports Club, that it was accepted as necessary for one man to be in sole charge of membership. In 1975/76 the rules of the Club were amended to add the Membership Secretary to the list of full members of the General Committee.</p>
			</section>
			<section id="chapter-22-5" epub:type="z3998:subchapter">
				<!--PAGE 163-->
				<h3 epub:type="title">Rugby Section 1976/77</h3>
				<p>Annual General Meeting, Club House, 21, Flagstone Wharf, Marsa, 30th September, 1976.</p>
				<p>The following Officials were elected:</p>
				<table class="elected-officials">
					<tbody>
						<tr>
							<th scope="row">Chairman</th>
							<td><abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">J. A.</abbr> Sharp</td>
						</tr>
						<tr>
							<th scope="row"><abbr epub:type="z3998:truncation">Hon.</abbr> Secretary</th>
							<td><abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">E. G. C.</abbr> Macpherson</td>
						</tr>
						<tr>
							<th scope="row"><abbr epub:type="z3998:truncation">Hon.</abbr> Treasurer</th>
							<td><abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">J.</abbr> Andrews</td>
						</tr>
						<tr>
							<th scope="row"><abbr epub:type="z3998:truncation">Hon.</abbr> Social Secretary</th>
							<td><abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">J. A.</abbr> Hughes</td>
						</tr>
						<tr>
							<th scope="row">Team Captain &amp; Fixture Secretary</th>
							<td><abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">B.</abbr> Charnley</td>
						</tr>
						<tr>
							<th scope="row">Vice-Captain</th>
							<td><abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">J.</abbr> Andrews</td>
						</tr>
						<tr>
							<th scope="row">“B” Team Captain</th>
							<td><abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">M.</abbr> Cassar</td>
						</tr>
						<tr>
							<th scope="row">Selection Committee</th>
							<td>
								<ul>
									<li>
										<p><abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">B.</abbr> Charnley</p>
									</li>
									<li>
										<p><abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">J.</abbr> Andrews</p>
									</li>
									<li>
										<p><abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">J.</abbr> Sharp</p>
									</li>
								</ul>
							</td>
						</tr>
						<tr>
							<th scope="row"><abbr epub:type="z3998:initialism">R.N.</abbr> Representative</th>
							<td>
								<ul>
									<li>
										<p><abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">C.P.O.</abbr> <abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">M.</abbr> Kirk</p>
									</li>
									<li>
										<p><abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">P.O.</abbr> <abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">W.</abbr> Wood</p>
									</li>
								</ul>
							</td>
						</tr>
						<tr>
							<th scope="row"><abbr epub:type="z3998:initialism">R.A.F.</abbr> Representative</th>
							<td><abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">F/O</abbr> <abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">G.</abbr> Laing</td>
						</tr>
						<tr>
							<th scope="row">Army Representative</th>
							<td>
								<ul>
									<li>
										<p><abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Capt.</abbr> <abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">C.</abbr> Brant</p>
									</li>
									<li>
										<p><abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Cpl.</abbr> <abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">R.</abbr> McArdle</p>
									</li>
								</ul>
							</td>
						</tr>
					</tbody>
				</table>
				<p>In spite of the problems by the gradual run-down of membership, Overseas continued to field two teams throughout the season, although at times with great difficulty, and with great pressure on the Rugby Section Committee. It was increasingly difficult to put out a full XV. The pressures came to a head at the back end of 1976 when, <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr> Jack Sharp, temporarily resigned. And although struggling to continue with our high standards, we maintained a full fixture list, albeit it was amongst the same few teams. Our problems increased late in the season when unfortunately the “B” Team Captain, <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr> Marcel Cassar, cracked his ribs during a game.</p>
				<p>The number of senior rugby XVs in Malta now stood at 4 i.e. Overseas, 41 Commando, the <abbr epub:type="z3998:initialism">R.A.F.</abbr> and the Army, with the occasional visiting <abbr epub:type="z3998:initialism">H.M.</abbr> ship. With so few resident teams it was a credit to the Joint Services Rugby Committee that they managed to keep a full fixture list. Our Representative on this Committee was Brian Charnley, Overseas Team Captain. At “B” Team level, besides the “B” teams of the participants at senior team level, we also had teams from <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">St.</abbr> Edward’s College, De la Salle College, the University of Malta, and the <abbr epub:type="z3998:initialism">S.C.S.</abbr>, Tal Handaq. The fact that these Colleges and the University were fielding XVs is the brighter side of the season, and of great pleasure to the Overseas Club. It was a reward in itself to the present and past Committees, both at General and Rugby Section level, who had worked so hard over a number of years to interest and encourage the game locally. Also, it was an added pleasure that the number of Maltese playing in Overseas XVs and joining the Club increased during the season.</p>
				<p>Once again, at Both A and B team levels, the rugby standard of 41 Commando was too high for other teams on the island and Overseas suffered several defeats in fixtures with them. The season started off disastrously for Overseas on the 3rd October, 1976, with a 50-20 defeat by the Army, and ended on the 24th April, 1977, with a milder defeat, 13-10, by <abbr epub:type="z3998:initialism">H.M.</abbr> Yacht Britannia. The season was quite long for Malta. Our standard improved during the season with one or two new players, and the return of one or two old hands, including the President, Trevor Ricketts, and over the season we finished about even against the <abbr epub:type="z3998:initialism">R.A.F.</abbr> and the Army. The Young Player of the Year Cup was awarded to Alex Darmanin.</p>
				<p>Thursday evening indoor training, organized by Brian Charnley,<!--PAGE 164--> commenced on the 3rd December in the gymnasium of Tal Handaq School, by kind permission of the School Authorities. The Club rugby training films were now held by Marcel Cassar, who acted as Librarian. The films were now coming into their own as different bodies were interested in using them, including the <abbr epub:type="z3998:initialism">R.A.F.</abbr>, and the new teams of the University and the Colleges.</p>
				<p>Again, through the good offices of Jack Sharp, Rugby Section Chairman, the Secretary of the National Sports Board, <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr> Colin Cauchi, gave Overseas permission to use the rugby pitch at the Marsa on Saturdays and Sundays for Club games, and on Mondays, Wednesdays and Fridays during the week for schoolboy training. Later in the season certain restrictions were imposed on the use of the pitch on training days, and on the odd occasion, such as the weekend of the 11th/12th December, we were unable to use the pitch due to local soccer being played there. During the season the Services did not need to use the Marsa for their home games. 41 Commando, with a Club House at <abbr epub:type="z3998:initialism">R.A.F.</abbr> Safi, now had their own pitch at Hal Far, and the <abbr epub:type="z3998:initialism">R.A.F.</abbr> still had their own pitch at Safi. The Colleges, University and Tal Handaq all used the one pitch at the Marsa with their games being played Monday to Friday. Through the good offices of the Naval Sports Officer, <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Lt.</abbr> Dixon, and the <abbr epub:type="z3998:initialism">R.N.</abbr> Representative on the Rugby Section Committee, <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">C.P.O.</abbr> <abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">M.</abbr> Kirk, the Overseas Club looked after the marking of the Marsa pitch and general care of the posts <abbr class="eoc">etc.</abbr> During this season the Overseas Club had every reason to be grateful to the Representatives of the 3 Services who sat on the Rugby Section Committee. Not only for work done for the Club, but also for advice in Committee, and for the continued spirit of co-ordination of Overseas and Service Rugby.</p>
				<p>The most important aspect of the season was the continued interest and improvement in the game shown by <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">St.</abbr> Edward’s College and De la Salle College, and the starting of the game at the Royal University of Malta. The Colleges and <abbr epub:type="z3998:initialism">S.C.S.</abbr> Tal Handaq had joint training sessions during the week at the Marsa under <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr> Ricketts and <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr> Charnley. The University players were well coached by Marcel Cassar and not only provided “B” team opposition themselves, but were keen enough to play for Overseas “B” team on the occasion, also to join in Overseas Training. The first game played by the University (<abbr epub:type="z3998:initialism">R.U.M.</abbr>) team was on the 21st November versus Overseas “B” at the Marsa and this was great credit to Marcel. <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr> Charnley undertook to deal with coaching and other requirements of the various College Rugby sections. In November he informed the Rugby Section Committee that with 4 Colleges/School/<abbr epub:type="z3998:initialism">R.U.M.</abbr> in Malta there was the basis of a Junior League, and by January he reported that Tal Handaq, De la Salle and <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">St.</abbr> Edward’s were now playing each other fairly regularly. The <abbr epub:type="z3998:initialism">R.U.M.</abbr> players proved too big for schoolboy rugby. The only disappointment was that <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">St.</abbr> Aloysius College, although interested, did not field a team, in spite of <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr> Sharp, Rugby Section Chairman, approaching the College suggesting schoolboy coaching. In March, <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr> Charnley ran an inter-College/School competition with <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">St.</abbr> Edward’s, De la Salle and Tal Handaq taking part, and this proved a great success. At the time of the competition the <abbr epub:type="z3998:initialism">R.U.M.</abbr> were unable to field a side. <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr> Charnley said that the objectives in promoting a school’s competition had been achieved.</p>
				<p>At the start of the season the Rugby Section Committee looked into the possibility of an Overseas party making a return visit<!--PAGE 165--> to Makarska, near Split, Yugoslavia, at the invitation of the Energoinvest Rugby Club. The cost proved prohibitive. Investigations had also been going on into a more economical tour to Messina and in answer to initial enquiries by <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr> Ewan Macpherson, Rugby Section Secretary, the Centro Universitario Sportivo (<abbr epub:type="z3998:acronym">CUS</abbr>), Messina, invited Overseas to tour. This offer was accepted. After a great deal of further correspondence, telephone calls and telegrams on the part of Jack Sharp, Ewan Macpherson and James Andrews (Vice-Captain), the tour was finally arranged for the 13-17 April, 1977. Unfortunately, after all their efforts, the tour had to be cancelled on the 11th April due to lack of support from Overseas members. At the time of cancellation only 13 players were available and this comprised 8 Overseas members, including Trevor Ricketts hoping to make his second tour to Messina, and 5 guests from 41 Commando (3) and the <abbr epub:type="z3998:initialism">R.A.F.</abbr> (2). This had been looked upon as the last possible chance for an Overseas XV to make a tour. The money to enable the tour to be made, a total of £M75, had been raised by a series of raffles, mostly at film nights, profit from a disco in November, and from tickets, cabaret and raffle at the Rugby Section Dinner Dance. Added to this the Steering Committee (on run down of Club) had recommended to the General Committee that a grant of £M75 be made towards the expenses of the proposed tour. At the suggestion of <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr> Sharp, 6 volunteers for the tour who had been inconvenienced to a significant extent by the cancellation were given complimentary tickets for the Club’s Annual Dinner Dance, at a cost of £M30, also tankards and ties were bought for those leaving (£M10.95). The remainder of the money raised was donated to the Cricket League Tour to Corfu. Earlier in the season two <abbr epub:type="z3998:initialism">U.K.</abbr> Teams, the West Midlands Police and Merthyr <abbr epub:type="z3998:initialism">R.F.C.</abbr>, contacted Overseas requesting they tour Malta possibly at Easter. These contacts came to nothing. Fortunately, <abbr epub:type="z3998:initialism">H.M.S.</abbr> Hermes were visiting Malta at Easter, 1977 and enjoyable games were played against the Hermes and the Glamorgan on the 9th and 10th April, also <abbr epub:type="z3998:initialism">H.M.</abbr> Yacht Britannia on the 24th April.</p>
				<p>During the summer of 1977 the Team Captain, Brian Charnley, and Bill Wood left Malta, and so the Overseas XV lost two of its most consistent players and leading try scorers of the two seasons, 1975-77, added to which Brian had been one of the recognised goal kickers. Both had represented Overseas in Combined XVs and Bill played for the Navy (Malta) and usually in any Combined Service XVs in Malta. Brian, who had been in charge of schoolboy rugby coaching and other requirements of the College rugby sections during 1976/77 would also be missed in future school rugby development. As Team Captain he had represented Overseas on the <abbr epub:type="z3998:initialism">J.S.R.C.</abbr> and for his second and final year he had been a Vice-President of the Club. Both men hard to replace.</p>
				<section id="chapter-22-5-1">
					<!--PAGE 166-->
					<h4 epub:type="title">Points Scored by Individual Players 1976/77</h4>
					<table>
						<thead>
							<tr>
								<th colspan="5">“A” TEAM SCORERS</th>
							</tr>
							<tr>
								<th/>
								<th>Tries</th>
								<th>
									<abbr class="eoc" epub:type="z3998:truncation">Con.</abbr>
								</th>
								<th>
									<abbr class="eoc" epub:type="z3998:truncation">Pen.</abbr>
								</th>
								<th>Total Points</th>
							</tr>
						</thead>
						<tbody>
							<tr>
								<td><abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">B.</abbr> Charnley</td>
								<td>9</td>
								<td>13</td>
								<td>2</td>
								<td>68</td>
							</tr>
							<tr>
								<td><abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">W.</abbr> Wood</td>
								<td>9</td>
								<td/>
								<td/>
								<td>36</td>
							</tr>
							<tr>
								<td><abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">R.</abbr> McArdle</td>
								<td>1</td>
								<td>8</td>
								<td>1</td>
								<td>23</td>
							</tr>
							<tr>
								<td><abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">H.</abbr> Archer</td>
								<td>4</td>
								<td>2</td>
								<td/>
								<td>20</td>
							</tr>
							<tr>
								<td><abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">E.</abbr> McCarthy</td>
								<td>5</td>
								<td/>
								<td/>
								<td>20</td>
							</tr>
							<tr>
								<td><abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">J.</abbr> Andrews</td>
								<td>4</td>
								<td/>
								<td/>
								<td>16</td>
							</tr>
							<tr>
								<td><abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">A.</abbr> Darmanin</td>
								<td>3</td>
								<td/>
								<td/>
								<td>12</td>
							</tr>
							<tr>
								<td><abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">D.</abbr> Schembri</td>
								<td>3</td>
								<td/>
								<td/>
								<td>12</td>
							</tr>
							<tr>
								<td><abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">J.</abbr> Turner</td>
								<td/>
								<td>5</td>
								<td/>
								<td>10</td>
							</tr>
							<tr>
								<td><abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">C.</abbr> Brown</td>
								<td>2</td>
								<td> </td>
								<td> </td>
								<td>8</td>
							</tr>
							<tr>
								<td><abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">P.</abbr> Corran</td>
								<td>2</td>
								<td/>
								<td/>
								<td>8</td>
							</tr>
							<tr>
								<td><abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">M.</abbr> Crossfield</td>
								<td>2</td>
								<td/>
								<td/>
								<td>8</td>
							</tr>
							<tr>
								<td><abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">C.</abbr> Medlicott</td>
								<td>2</td>
								<td/>
								<td/>
								<td>8</td>
							</tr>
							<tr>
								<td><abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">D.</abbr> Watson</td>
								<td>2</td>
								<td/>
								<td/>
								<td>8</td>
							</tr>
						</tbody>
					</table>
					<p>9 Players scored 1 try each:</p>
					<ul>
						<li>
							<p><abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">G.</abbr> Davey</p>
						</li>
						<li>
							<p><abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">G.</abbr> Doyle</p>
						</li>
						<li>
							<p><abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">G.</abbr> Laing</p>
						</li>
						<li>
							<p><abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">T.</abbr> Ling</p>
						</li>
						<li>
							<p><abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">E.</abbr> Macpherson</p>
						</li>
						<li>
							<p><abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">J.</abbr> Pheasant</p>
						</li>
						<li>
							<p><abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">R.</abbr> Stringer</p>
						</li>
						<li>
							<p><abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">R.</abbr> Swindley</p>
						</li>
						<li>
							<p><abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">D.</abbr> Wilson</p>
						</li>
					</ul>
				</section>
				<section id="chapter-22-5-2">
					<h4 epub:type="title">Playing Record for 1976/77</h4>
					<table class="playing-record playing-record-rugby">
						<thead>
							<tr>
								<th>Team</th>
								<th>Played</th>
								<th>Won</th>
								<th>Drawn</th>
								<th>Lost</th>
								<th>Points For</th>
								<th>Points Against</th>
							</tr>
						</thead>
						<tbody>
							<tr>
								<th scope="row">1st XV</th>
								<td>14</td>
								<td>7</td>
								<td>0</td>
								<td>7</td>
								<td>293</td>
								<td>267</td>
							</tr>
							<tr>
								<th scope="row">“B” XV</th>
								<td>12</td>
								<td>8</td>
								<td>0</td>
								<td>4</td>
								<td>204</td>
								<td>236</td>
							</tr>
						</tbody>
					</table>
				</section>
			</section>
			<section id="chapter-22-6" epub:type="z3998:subchapter">
				<!--PAGE 167-->
				<h3 epub:type="title">Soccer Section 1976/77</h3>
				<p>Annual General Meeting, Club House, 16th September, 1976</p>
				<p>Officials of the Soccer Section for 1976/77:</p>
				<table class="elected-officials">
					<tbody>
						<tr>
							<th scope="row">Chairman</th>
							<td><abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">T. N.</abbr> Ricketts</td>
						</tr>
						<tr>
							<th scope="row"><abbr epub:type="z3998:truncation">Hon.</abbr> Secretary</th>
							<td><abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">J. J.</abbr> Bonner</td>
						</tr>
						<tr>
							<th scope="row"><abbr epub:type="z3998:truncation">Hon.</abbr> Treasurer</th>
							<td><abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">D.</abbr> Smith</td>
						</tr>
						<tr>
							<th scope="row"><abbr epub:type="z3998:truncation">Hon.</abbr> Social Secretary</th>
							<td><abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">T. G.</abbr> Jordan</td>
						</tr>
						<tr>
							<th scope="row">Captain</th>
							<td><abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">J. J.</abbr> Bonner</td>
						</tr>
						<tr>
							<th scope="row">Vice-Captain</th>
							<td><abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">D.</abbr> Smith</td>
						</tr>
					</tbody>
				</table>
				<p>Again the Soccer Section had a difficult year in putting out a team in both the Major and Minor Leagues. As with all sections of the Club, the Soccer Section was increasingly feeling the effects of the imminent withdrawal from Malta. In spite of this, in the words of the President, Trevor Ricketts, in his end of season report, the Soccer Section, under the general leadership of Jeff Bonner, again managed to fulfil their obligations in the Services’ League and equip themselves fairly well, a tremendous spirit spread throughout the whole team. Jeff himself confirmed this in saying that as one can see from results, football was a struggle this year, but I think we all enjoyed ourselves nevertheless.</p>
				<section id="chapter-22-6-1">
					<h4 epub:type="title">Results for 1976/77</h4>
					<table class="playing-record playing-record-soccer">
						<thead>
							<tr>
								<th>Team</th>
								<th>Played</th>
								<th>Won</th>
								<th>Drawn</th>
								<th>Lost</th>
								<th>Goals For</th>
								<th>Goals Against</th>
								<th>Points</th>
								<th>Notes</th>
							</tr>
						</thead>
						<tbody>
							<tr>
								<th scope="row">Major League - “Corinthians”</th>
								<td>12</td>
								<td>2</td>
								<td>3</td>
								<td>7</td>
								<td>20</td>
								<td>51</td>
								<td>7</td>
								<td>Bonner 10, Kiefer 2, Bonnar 2, Churchward 2</td>
							</tr>
							<tr>
								<th scope="row">Minor League Division I - “Overseas”</th>
								<td>14</td>
								<td>4</td>
								<td>2</td>
								<td>8</td>
								<td>21</td>
								<td>35</td>
								<td>10</td>
								<td>Bonner 8, Smith 3, Cooper 3<br/>
								Winner of Minor League Division I: Comcen (Malta)<br/>
								Winner of Minor League Division II: <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">St.</abbr> George’s</td>
							</tr>
						</tbody>
					</table>
					<table>
						<thead>
							<tr>
								<th colspan="2">Minor Units Knock-Out Cup Final - 2nd April at <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">St.</abbr> Andrews</th>
							</tr>
						</thead>
						<tbody>
							<tr>
								<td><abbr epub:type="z3998:initialism">HQ</abbr> Company, 41 Commando</td>
								<td>1</td>
							</tr>
							<tr>
								<td>Engineering Wing</td>
								<td>0</td>
							</tr>
						</tbody>
					</table>
				</section>
			</section>
			<section id="chapter-22-7" epub:type="z3998:subchapter">
				<!--PAGE 168-->
				<h3 epub:type="title">Hockey Section 1976/77</h3>
				<table class="elected-officials">
					<tbody>
						<tr>
							<th scope="row">Chairman</th>
							<td><abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">P.</abbr> Marchant</td>
						</tr>
						<tr>
							<th scope="row"><abbr epub:type="z3998:truncation">Hon.</abbr> Secretary</th>
							<td><abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">D.</abbr> Walker</td>
						</tr>
						<tr>
							<th scope="row"><abbr epub:type="z3998:truncation">Hon.</abbr> Treasurer</th>
							<td><abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">P.</abbr> Marchant</td>
						</tr>
						<tr>
							<th scope="row"><abbr epub:type="z3998:truncation">Hon.</abbr> Social Secretary</th>
							<td><abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">D.</abbr> Walker</td>
						</tr>
						<tr>
							<th scope="row">Team Captain</th>
							<td><abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">C.</abbr> Fitches</td>
						</tr>
						<tr>
							<th scope="row">Vice-Captain</th>
							<td><abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">D.</abbr> Walker</td>
						</tr>
					</tbody>
				</table>
				<p>Overseas Hockey XI started off the season in fine style by beating 234 Signal Squadron. However, this high standard was rarely emulated again during the season for various reasons, mainly the unavailability of players. Indeed, it became increasingly difficult to meet our league commitments, although this was at times because the opposition cancelled matches, and it was not always possible to accommodate the offered return fixtures.</p>
				<p>The high standard was again produced in the Services Knock-out Cup. On the way to the final we defeated 234 Signal Squadron by 5-1 and <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">St.</abbr> Angelo by 3-1, and in the final we held the powerful 41 Commando to a goalless draw at full time, only to be defeated in extra time by sheer stamina.</p>
				<p>Due to the gradual withdrawal of different Service Units from Malta the League was sadly depleted with only 5 teams taking part, namely, Overseas, 234 Signal Squadron, <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">St.</abbr> Angelo (Navy) <abbr epub:type="z3998:initialism">R.A.F.</abbr>, and 41 Commando. Opposition was difficult to find, and at the end of the season 4 league fixtures were unplayed.</p>
				<p>When at full strength Overseas Hockey Team for 1976/77 ably led by Charles Fitches, was probably one of the strongest and most successful teams in the Section’s history. Our fast and hard hitting forward line included John Whitehead, who set the standard for the team and was our leading striker and goal scorer, ably supported by Ken Dobell. The team this year did not include any lady members.</p>
				<p>Players for 1976/77 were:</p>
				<ul>
					<li>
						<p><abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">C.</abbr> Fitches (Captain)</p>
					</li>
					<li>
						<p><abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">D.</abbr> Walker (Vice-Captain)</p>
					</li>
					<li>
						<p><abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">P.</abbr> Marchant</p>
					</li>
					<li>
						<p><abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">J.</abbr> Whitehead</p>
					</li>
					<li>
						<p><abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">M.</abbr> Crossfield</p>
					</li>
					<li>
						<p><abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">K.</abbr> Dobell</p>
					</li>
					<li>
						<p><abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">G.</abbr> Davey</p>
					</li>
					<li>
						<p><abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">H.</abbr> Ritchie</p>
					</li>
					<li>
						<p><abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">T.</abbr> Ricketts</p>
					</li>
					<li>
						<p><abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">J.</abbr> Slide</p>
					</li>
					<li>
						<p><abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">S.</abbr> Newman</p>
					</li>
					<li>
						<p><abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">D.</abbr> Longlands. Tal Handaq Boys, <abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">D.</abbr> North</p>
					</li>
					<li>
						<p><abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">S.</abbr> Oliver</p>
					</li>
					<li>
						<p><abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">M.</abbr> Beresford</p>
					</li>
				</ul>
				<p>Left Malta in July, 1977:</p>
				<ul>
					<li>
						<p><abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">K.</abbr> Dobell</p>
					</li>
					<li>
						<p><abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">S.</abbr> Newman</p>
					</li>
					<li>
						<p><abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">D.</abbr> Longlands</p>
					</li>
					<li>
						<p><abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">D.</abbr> North</p>
					</li>
					<li>
						<p><abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">M.</abbr> Beresford</p>
					</li>
				</ul>
				<table class="playing-record playing-record-hockey">
					<thead>
						<tr>
							<th colspan="5">Hockey League - “Overseas”</th>
						</tr>
						<tr>
							<th>Played</th>
							<th>Won</th>
							<th>Drawn</th>
							<th>Lost</th>
							<th>Points</th>
						</tr>
					</thead>
					<tbody>
						<tr>
							<td>4</td>
							<td>1</td>
							<td>0</td>
							<td>3</td>
							<td/>
						</tr>
					</tbody>
				</table>
			</section>
			<section id="chapter-22-8" epub:type="z3998:subchapter">
				<!--PAGE 169-->
				<h3 epub:type="title">Cricket Section 1977</h3>
				<p>Annual General Meeting, Club House, 3rd March.</p>
				<table class="elected-officials">
					<tbody>
						<tr>
							<th scope="row">Chairman</th>
							<td><abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">M. F.</abbr> Plummer</td>
						</tr>
						<tr>
							<th scope="row"><abbr epub:type="z3998:truncation">Hon.</abbr> Secretary</th>
							<td><abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">M.</abbr> Newton</td>
						</tr>
						<tr>
							<th scope="row"><abbr epub:type="z3998:truncation">Hon.</abbr> Treasurer</th>
							<td><abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">M.</abbr> Caseley</td>
						</tr>
						<tr>
							<th scope="row"><abbr epub:type="z3998:truncation">Hon.</abbr> Social Secretary</th>
							<td><abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">J.</abbr> Hughes</td>
						</tr>
						<tr>
							<th scope="row">Team Captain</th>
							<td><abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">G.</abbr> Davey</td>
						</tr>
						<tr>
							<th scope="row">Vice-Captain</th>
							<td><abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">D.</abbr> Walker</td>
						</tr>
						<tr>
							<th scope="row">Selection Committee</th>
							<td>
								<ul>
									<li>
										<p><abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">G.</abbr> Davey</p>
									</li>
									<li>
										<p><abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">D.</abbr> Walker</p>
									</li>
									<li>
										<p><abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">J.</abbr> Sharp</p>
									</li>
								</ul>
							</td>
						</tr>
					</tbody>
				</table>
				<p>New Overseas members included an Australian, a Sri Lankan and a Pakistani, all teachers at the Libyan Polytechnic. Unfortunately, we had lost the services of Mike Shaw, described as the best wicket keeper on the Island.</p>
				<p>Overseas started off the 1977 cricket season on a high note by winning the traditional curtain raiser, the league 6-a-side <abbr epub:type="z3998:initialism">K.O.</abbr> Competition, on the 23rd April. We entered 3 teams out of a total of 20. Unfortunately, our standard was inconsistent due to the fact that our team was severely weakened at times by key players being unavailable. Consequently, in spite of several good wins when at full strength, we finished the league 5th out of 8. League honours were carried by 41 Commando who were worthy winners. The 8 League teams came from the Army, the Royal Navy, Overseas, 41 Commando, with the <abbr epub:type="z3998:initialism">R.A.F.</abbr> and the <abbr epub:type="z3998:initialism">M.S.C.</abbr> each producing 2.</p>
				<table class="match-results match-results-cricket">
					<tbody>
						<tr>
							<td>Sat 30 Apr</td>
							<td>
								<abbr class="eoc">vs</abbr>
							</td>
							<td>41 <abbr class="eoc" epub:type="z3998:truncation">Cdo.</abbr></td>
							<td>Lost</td>
							<td>41<abbr epub:type="z3998:truncation">Cdo.</abbr> 200-6, Overseas 115-9</td>
						</tr>
						<tr>
							<td>Sat 14 May</td>
							<td>
								<abbr class="eoc">vs</abbr>
							</td>
							<td>Army</td>
							<td>Won</td>
							<td>Overseas 176-4, Army 107, Ricketts 100</td>
						</tr>
						<tr>
							<td>Sat 21 May</td>
							<td>
								<abbr class="eoc">vs</abbr>
							</td>
							<td><abbr epub:type="z3998:initialism">R.A.F.</abbr> Penguins</td>
							<td>Won</td>
							<td>Overseas 176-6, Penguins 168-8</td>
						</tr>
						<tr>
							<td>Sat 28 May</td>
							<td>
								<abbr class="eoc">vs</abbr>
							</td>
							<td><abbr epub:type="z3998:initialism">M.S.C.</abbr> Nomads</td>
							<td>Won</td>
							<td>Nomads 147-9, Overseas 152-5</td>
						</tr>
						<tr>
							<td>Fri 3 Jun</td>
							<td>
								<abbr class="eoc">vs</abbr>
							</td>
							<td>
								<abbr class="eoc" epub:type="z3998:initialism">M.S.C.</abbr>
							</td>
							<td>Lost</td>
							<td>Overseas 174-9, <abbr epub:type="z3998:initialism">M.S.C.</abbr> 175-5</td>
						</tr>
						<tr>
							<td>Sat 11 Jun</td>
							<td>
								<abbr class="eoc">vs</abbr>
							</td>
							<td><abbr epub:type="z3998:initialism">R.A.F.</abbr> Puffins</td>
							<td>Lost</td>
							<td>Overseas 115-9, Puffins 116-4</td>
						</tr>
						<tr>
							<td>Tue 14 Jun</td>
							<td>
								<abbr class="eoc">vs</abbr>
							</td>
							<td>Royal Navy</td>
							<td>Won</td>
							<td>Overseas 210-6, <abbr epub:type="z3998:initialism">R.N.</abbr> 99</td>
						</tr>
						<tr>
							<td>Sat 18 Jun</td>
							<td>
								<abbr class="eoc">vs</abbr>
							</td>
							<td><abbr epub:type="z3998:initialism">M.S.C.</abbr> Nomads</td>
							<td>Won</td>
							<td>Nomads 79, Overseas 80-2</td>
						</tr>
						<tr>
							<td>Wed 22 Jun</td>
							<td>
								<abbr class="eoc">vs</abbr>
							</td>
							<td>Army</td>
							<td>Lost</td>
							<td>Overseas 120-7, Army 122-6</td>
						</tr>
						<tr>
							<td>Tue 28 Jun</td>
							<td>
								<abbr class="eoc">vs</abbr>
							</td>
							<td>41 Commando</td>
							<td>Lost</td>
							<td>41 <abbr epub:type="z3998:truncation">Cdo.</abbr> 227-2, Overseas 100</td>
						</tr>
						<tr>
							<td>Fri 1 Jul</td>
							<td>
								<abbr class="eoc">vs</abbr>
							</td>
							<td><abbr epub:type="z3998:initialism">R.A.F.</abbr> Penguins</td>
							<td>Lost</td>
							<td>Overseas 165-6, Penguins 166-5</td>
						</tr>
						<tr>
							<td>Wed 6 Jul</td>
							<td>
								<abbr class="eoc">vs</abbr>
							</td>
							<td>Royal Navy</td>
							<td>Won</td>
							<td>Overseas 244-6, <abbr epub:type="z3998:initialism">R.N.</abbr> 113-9</td>
						</tr>
						<tr>
							<td>Sat 9 Jul</td>
							<td>
								<abbr class="eoc">vs</abbr>
							</td>
							<td>
								<abbr class="eoc" epub:type="z3998:initialism">M.S.C.</abbr>
							</td>
							<td>Won</td>
							<td><abbr epub:type="z3998:initialism">M.S.C.</abbr> 112-9, Overseas 114-8</td>
						</tr>
						<tr>
							<td>Tue 19 Jul</td>
							<td>
								<abbr class="eoc">vs</abbr>
							</td>
							<td><abbr epub:type="z3998:initialism">R.A.F.</abbr> Puffins</td>
							<td>Lost</td>
							<td>Overseas 149-7, Puffins 150-2</td>
						</tr>
					</tbody>
				</table>
				<br/>
				<table class="playing-record playing-record-cricket">
					<thead>
						<tr>
							<th colspan="5">Overseas League Record for 1977</th>
						</tr>
						<tr>
							<th>Played</th>
							<th>Won</th>
							<th>Drawn</th>
							<th>Lost</th>
							<th>Points</th>
						</tr>
					</thead>
					<tbody>
						<tr>
							<td>14</td>
							<td>7</td>
							<td>0</td>
							<td>7</td>
							<td/>
						</tr>
					</tbody>
				</table>
				<p>Once again our most consistent scorers were our opening batsmen, Gerry Davey and Trevor Ricketts. Both men represented Overseas on the Malta Select XI on 4 occasions, and performed with distinction. Alan Latham was our best bowler, taking 21 wickets in the league on a wicket which favoured the batsmen.</p>
				<p>In the single wicket competition Gerry Davey was beaten by Ray Stringer in the final. Ray was himself an Overseas Player, but represented 41 Commando in this competition.</p>
				<p>On the 11th September, for the second year running, we reached the final of the Government Tourist Board Trophy, only to be defeated by the <abbr epub:type="z3998:initialism">R.A.F.</abbr> Puffins by two wickets in a very exciting match. Our opponents in rounds 1 and 2 were the <abbr epub:type="z3998:initialism">M.S.C.</abbr><!--PAGE 170--> and the Navy respectively. In defeating the Navy, Gerry Davey scored 104, and Trevor Ricketts 99, out of a total score of 246-4.</p>
				<p>Throughout the season 8 talented cricketing sides toured Malta, for the most part old friends, starting with the Speedbirds <abbr epub:type="z3998:initialism">C.C.</abbr> in May. The other visitors were Mendip Acorns in June, followed closely by newcomers the Sheffield Cricket Lovers from Yorkshire. At the end of August came Old Vigornians from Worcester and in September the Nottingham Select and the Blighters. In October the season was brought to a close by the Mendip Acorns again, the Forty Club and Bill Frindall’s XI. All the touring sides played Combined Service and/or Combined Civilian teams, and each touring side played different individual teams. For the Cricket Festival in October, we had no less than 3 Overseas players selected for the Malta squad, plus two other members who were playing under another flag. Overseas played against Nottingham Select on the 24th September, and we were the only side to register a win over them. We also played against Mendip Acorns on the 15th October, and in this game we were narrowly beaten. Both these touring sides contained county players.</p>
				<table class="match-results match-results-cricket">
					<tbody>
						<tr>
							<td>Sat 24 Sep</td>
							<td>
								<abbr class="eoc">vs</abbr>
							</td>
							<td>Nottingham Select</td>
							<td>Won</td>
							<td>Nottingham 237-7, Overseas 241-4: Davey 119</td>
						</tr>
						<tr>
							<td>Sat 15 Oct</td>
							<td>
								<abbr class="eoc">vs</abbr>
							</td>
							<td>Mendip Acorns</td>
							<td>Lost</td>
							<td>Overseas 194, Mendip Acorns 195-3</td>
						</tr>
					</tbody>
				</table>
				<p>Overseas 2nd XI played 4 matches, their opponents being the Navy (twice), Malta Sports Club 2nd XI, and Tal Handaq.</p>
				<p>The Malta Cricket League tour to Corfu, 22nd August to 2nd September, was a great success, and in spite of some very patriotic umpiring, the tourists managed to win 2 out of 5 games played. The touring party included 5 Overseas members, <abbr>viz</abbr>, Trevor Ricketts, Mike Newton, Dave Smith, Gerry Davey, and Brian Leonard. I am told that some of the tactics employed to ensure a home win were quite amusing though apt to spoil the game from a cricket point of view. However, the fact that the tour was enjoyable is borne out by the fact that the Overseas President, Trevor Ricketts, has threatened to retire in Corfu.</p>
				<p>As in all sections of “Seas” team spirit remained high throughout what was possibly the penultimate season for the Cricket Section, indeed, under the Captaincy and example of Gerry Davey, and the Vice-Captaincy of Dave Walker, the spirit and standard have never been higher. With all players available the Overseas XI of 1977 had a very powerful look.</p>
				<p>Going back to 1973, the year Overseas became a Sports Club, in mentioning those members who have given a great deal to Overseas Cricket Section, on and off the field, to the fore would have to come Trevor Ricketts and Mike Newton. Trevor, as ever, the driving force behind Seas, and a prolific scorer of runs, was Chairman and Vice-Captain in 1973, and Captain for two years, 1974-75. Mike Newton, Secretary for 3 years, 1974-75 and 1977, Captain 1976 and Vice-Captain 1975. One member who has missed watching very few Overseas matches over many years is Jack Sharp. Jack, whose encouragement is always welcome, was elected on the Selection Committee for 1977. Others, always there, and who contributed a great deal to Overseas, to mention only a few, Ralph Daley, one of the Founder Members of the Cricket Section in 1965, Captain 1973; Peter Wright; Dave Taylor; Mike Shaw; Lew Finnis; Treasurer 1973-75; Alan Latham, Chairman 1974-75; Mike Caseley, Chairman 1976, Treasurer 1977; Mike Plummer<!--PAGE 171--> Chairman 1977, Gerry Davey, Secretary, 1976, Captain 1977 and Dave Walker, Vice-Captain 1976-77. My thanks to Trevor Ricketts for making available the Minutes, also the Section Report 1977 written by Mike Newton. Also to Gerry Davey for checking details and for final results and scores.</p>
			</section>
			<section id="chapter-22-9" epub:type="z3998:subchapter">
				<h3 epub:type="title">Social Functions 1976/77</h3>
				<p>As with all sections of the Club, the Social Life suffered with the gradual run-down of membership, and the Social Secretary <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr> John Hughes, did not find it easy to keep things going. Nevertheless, the season proved to be very full, and very successful. Club nights, especially on film nights, were well supported by members. The films, again provided by Jack Sharp were shown fortnightly throughout the winter months, increasing to one per week during March (1977) in order to raise funds for the proposed rugby tour to Messina. The Social Secretary attempted, to no avail, to get members to accept invitations to other clubs. Functions held during the year included a Bonfire Party &amp; Disco on the 4th November, 1976 and a Children’s Christmas Party on the 21st December, 1976. Both were held at the Club House and were very successful. The Children’s Party was run efficiently by Mike Newton and Alan Latham, with Bill Wood taking on the vital part of Santa Claus.</p>
				<p>The Social life was livened by three successful and enjoyable Dinner Dances and also the main Club function of the year, the Annual Dinner Dance. The Cricket Section dance on the 13th November, 1976, and the Soccer Section dance organised by Tom Jordan, Soccer Section Social Secretary, on the 11th December, 1976, were both held at the Crystal Hotel, Bugibba, and the Rugby Section dance on the 1st March, 1977 was held at the Whisper Knight Club, Mosta. The Rugby Section event ended with an impromptu cabaret consisting of Trevor Ricketts and Bill Wood singing and Alex Darmanin playing the piano, followed by that nightmare of all Club proprietors where rugby followers are concerned, the passing around of a rugby ball, produced by Team Captain, Brian Charnley in preparation for the week-end game. The Club Annual Dinner Dance was held at the Malta Sports Club on Saturday, 30th April, 1977, and was a great success enjoyed by 105 members and guests. The venue for the Annual Dinner Dance was chosen for sentimental reasons, as well as the fact that functions held there have always been a success. It was felt by the President and Committee that it would be nice to return to the place which had been our home for such social occasions for many years, in view of the very depressing fact that this could be the last to be held by the Club. The season ended with the usual round of parties given by or for the members leaving and this included Overseas Farewell “DO” for John Hughes, also for Brian Charnley, Team Captain, on Thursday, 30th June, 1977. John left Malta on the 23rd July, and this was the Club’s loss. Not only had he been Social Secretary of the Main Club for the 2 years, 1975-77, but also Social Secretary of the Rugby and Cricket Sections during the same period, plus Social Secretary for the Hockey Section in 1976/77, and he gave a great deal of his time and energy to ensure that all the functions he arranged were a success, socially and financially. John also enjoyed his game of rugby. Brian has been mentioned in the Rugby Section 1976/77. Although, as Social Secretary, John Hughes was the front man, a great deal of credit for a successful season must be given to the Bar Manager, Martin Crossfield, also to James Andrews, <abbr epub:type="z3998:truncation">Hon.</abbr> General Treasurer, and who, as General Manager of Andrews Feeds, looked after the Club House premises on behalf of the firm, and did most of the buying and delivering of stock.</p>
			</section>
		</section>
	</body>
</html>
