<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/, se: https://standardebooks.org/vocab/1.0" xml:lang="en-GB">
	<head>
		<title>1958/59</title>
		<link href="../css/core.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
		<link href="../css/local.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
	</head>
	<body epub:type="bodymatter z3998:non-fiction">
		<section id="chapter-4" epub:type="chapter">
			<!--PAGE 026-->
			<h2 epub:type="title">1958/59</h2>
			<section id="chapter-4-1" epub:type="z3998:subchapter">
				<h3 epub:type="title">Reforming Overseas on a Club Basis</h3>
				<p>During the close season, on the 20th May, 1958, the <abbr epub:type="z3998:truncation">Hon.</abbr> Secretary of the Overseas, Captain Jim Osbourne, left Malta. During the evening of the 20th he called at my house whilst I was at work and left all the worldly possessions of the “Overseas” in my care. My wife suggested that he should wait until I came home and ask me himself if I wanted to be “Caretaker Secretary” before he left. Jim blithely told my wife that he was in transit that night and he was off. When I returned home from work I was the Caretaker Secretary, like it or not. The Club assets at that time consisted of £11 in cash, two sets of jerseys, two rugby balls, a battered typewriter, a lacer, pump and some forms. The only Minutes left with me were those of a single meeting held on the 27th November, 1954.</p>
				<p>With no Committee to work with, and no Service attachment, I decided immediately to reform Overseas on a Club basis, to the same ideals and outlook as I had known in 1948/50. Perhaps this had been in Jim Osbourne’s mind when he left Overseas in my care. Fortunately, such rugby stalwarts as Major <abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">G. C. D.</abbr> Scott Lowe, Jim Swain, the previous year Team Captain, and Jim Stalworthy were around at the right time. The Major, Army <abbr epub:type="z3998:initialism">R.U.</abbr> (Malta) Chairmen, readily agreed to be President of the Overseas Club. Circulars re Overseas, with the Major’s authority, were put out to Service Units and at the same time contact was made with Civilian firms such as Wimpeys. At that time the main Wimpey construction unit was at Has Saptan.</p>
				<p>It is a peculiarity of rugby in Malta, that even as Servicemen like to join the Overseas, the only civilian club on the island, the very existence of a civilian club depends so much on the help of the Services and also on Servicemen joining the Club. For instance, all rugby pitches were on Service property. We in the Overseas have been thankful of the good relations which have always existed.</p>
				<p>The first meeting of the 1958/59 season was held at 77, Grenfell Street, <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">St.</abbr> Julians, on the 6th September, 1958. The three members present were <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Messrs.</abbr> <abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">N. C.</abbr> Morgan, Secretary, <abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">N. J.</abbr> Swain, Fixture Secretary, and <abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">J.</abbr> Stalworthy, Committee Member. Jim Stalworthy turned down the Office of Treasurer, but agreed to act as Chairman. At this meeting it was agreed to drop the issue of inscribed tankards to those leaving the Club and so enabling subscriptions to be lowered. The second meeting was held on the 11th October, same address, when we were joined by Bill Polkinghorne, another rugby stalwart. Bill agreed to act as Treasurer. At the second meeting it was decided, that although it was only by nominating ourselves as Officials of the Club could it be restarted on a “Club Basis”, we must legalize ourselves in positions held, by being elected at a General Meeting, or others elected to take over. It was therefore decided to call an Annual General Meeting at the first available date.</p>
			</section>
			<section id="chapter-4-2" epub:type="z3998:subchapter">
				<!--PAGE 027-->
				<h3 epub:type="title">Annual General Meeting</h3>
				<p>Annual General Meeting held on the 20th October, 1958, at the Queen’s Hall, Old College Street, Sliema. Notice of this meeting was given in the “Times of Malta” on the 15th October, also it was broadcast on “A” programme of rediffusion in “What’s On”:</p>
				<blockquote>
					<header role="presentation">
						<p class="h4">Overseas Rugby Union Football Club</p>
					</header>
					<p><abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">N. C.</abbr> Morgan, <abbr epub:type="z3998:truncation">Hon.</abbr> Secretary, Overseas Rugby Football Club, notifies:</p>
					<p>The Overseas Rugby Union Football Club will be holding its Annual General Meeting at the Queen’s Hall, Old College Street, Sliema, at 7 <abbr>p.m.</abbr> on Monday, October, 20.</p>
					<p>All past, present and prospective members are cordially invited, together with anyone interested in club rugby.</p>
					<p>Membership is open to <abbr epub:type="z3998:initialism">U.K.</abbr> based civilian and Service personnel.</p>
					<cite><i epub:type="se:name.publication.newspaper">Times of Malta</i><br/>
					15th October, 1958</cite>
				</blockquote>
				<p>At this <abbr epub:type="z3998:initialism">A.G.M.</abbr>, the President, Major <abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">G. C. D.</abbr> Scott Lowe, explained that the main reason for the <abbr epub:type="z3998:initialism">A.G.M.</abbr> was to put facts before Members and to call for volunteers for all offices. The following Officials, including the “Resident” Committee, were elected:</p>
				<table class="elected-officials">
					<tbody>
						<tr>
							<th scope="row">President</th>
							<td>Major <abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">G. C. D.</abbr> Scott Lowe, <abbr class="eoc" epub:type="z3998:initialism">T.D.</abbr></td>
						</tr>
						<tr>
							<th scope="row"><abbr epub:type="z3998:truncation">Hon.</abbr> Secretary</th>
							<td><abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr> <abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">N. C.</abbr> Morgan</td>
						</tr>
						<tr>
							<th scope="row"><abbr epub:type="z3998:truncation">Hon.</abbr> Treasurer</th>
							<td><abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr> <abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">H. W.</abbr> Polkinghorne</td>
						</tr>
						<tr>
							<th scope="row"><abbr epub:type="z3998:truncation">Hon.</abbr> Social Secretary</th>
							<td><abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr> <abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">J. E. M.</abbr> George</td>
						</tr>
						<tr>
							<th scope="row">Team Captain and <abbr epub:type="z3998:truncation">Hon.</abbr> Fixture Secretary</th>
							<td><abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr> <abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">N. J.</abbr> Swain</td>
						</tr>
						<tr>
							<th scope="row">Team Trainer</th>
							<td><abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr> <abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">E. H.</abbr> Stacey (Ex Wasps player)</td>
						</tr>
						<tr>
							<th scope="row">Social Committee</th>
							<td>
								<ul>
									<li>
										<p><abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr> <abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">J. E. M.</abbr> George (Secretary)</p>
									</li>
									<li>
										<p><abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mrs.</abbr> <abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">M.</abbr> Rushworth</p>
									</li>
									<li>
										<p><abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr> <abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">V. A.</abbr> Palmer</p>
									</li>
									<li>
										<p><abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mrs.</abbr> <abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">M.</abbr> Polkinghorne</p>
									</li>
								</ul>
							</td>
						</tr>
					</tbody>
				</table>
				<p>A proposed set of club Rules had been attached to the Agenda of the <abbr epub:type="z3998:initialism">A.G.M.</abbr> for members to peruse. These rules were adopted without alteration and have acted as the Club Constitution over the years, only being altered, as expedient, by the required two-thirds majority at an <abbr class="eoc" epub:type="z3998:initialism">A.G.M.</abbr></p>
				<blockquote>
					<header role="presentation">
						<p class="h4">First Rules for Overseas Club</p>
					</header>
					<ol>
						<li>
							<p>That the name of the Club be: “THE OVERSEAS RUGBY UNION FOOTBALL CLUB, MALTA”.</p>
						</li>
						<li>
							<p>That the object of the Club is to help foster the true “Rugger” spirit on the island by providing facilities for:</p><ol type="a"><li><p>All Service and Civilian rugger players who are unable to play for any other rugger team, <abbr epub:type="z3998:initialism">i.e.</abbr> members of units unable to field a side.</p></li> <li><p>All Service and Civilian rugger players who,<!--PAGE 028--> although committed to play for a unit side during the week, wish to play Club Rugger over the weekend.</p></li> <li><p>Non-Playing Rugger enthusiasts who may support the Club and join in its social life.</p></li></ol><p>It is understood, in the case of (b) above, that Service Units have first call on their players.</p>
						</li>
						<li>
							<p>That the Club colours be navy blue and white hoops.</p>
						</li>
						<li>
							<p>That the Officers of the Club shall consist of The President, Chairman, <abbr epub:type="z3998:truncation">Hon.</abbr> Secretary, <abbr epub:type="z3998:truncation">Hon.</abbr> Treasurer, <abbr epub:type="z3998:truncation">Hon.</abbr> Fixture Secretary, <abbr epub:type="z3998:truncation">Hon.</abbr> Team Secretary, Team Captains. These Officers to hold office for one year and be elected by members at an Annual General Meeting.</p>
						</li>
						<li>
							<p>That the management of the Club shall be entrusted to a General Committee consisting of such Officers as shall be elected at the Annual General Meeting. Liaison with the representatives of the three Services shall be effected.</p>
						</li>
						<li>
							<p>That the General Committee shall have the power to administer the funds and property in execution of the Club’s aims. No expenditure or debts shall be contracted other than by resolution and majority vote.</p>
						</li>
						<li>
							<p>That the General Committee shall have the powers to fill any vacancies which may arise in their number during the course of the year, and have full power to co-opt as may be found expedient.</p>
						</li>
						<li>
							<p>That the General Committee shall have the power to delegate any of its duties to such other Committees as may be necessary.</p>
						</li>
						<li>
							<p>A quorum for a General Committee shall be two thirds of the Committee.</p>
						</li>
						<li>
							<p>Annual General Meeting to be held in October. Items to be included are Statement of Accounts, Report of the Committee and election of Officers for the ensuing year.</p>
						</li>
						<li>
							<p>Members to be given 14 days notice of General Meetings. Items for inclusion on the Agenda to reach the <abbr epub:type="z3998:truncation">Hon.</abbr> Secretary 7 days prior to the meeting. Extraordinary General Meetings may be called by ten or more members or by a majority vote of the General Committee.</p>
						</li>
						<li>
							<p>That the sanction of two thirds of the members present and voting at the Annual or Extraordinary General Meeting is required for the passing of any resolution to alter the rules. Any other resolution shall be passed by a simple majority.</p>
						</li>
						<li>
							<p><strong>Membership</strong></p><ol type="a"><li><p>Full Members: Annual Subscription 10/- and match fee of 1/-</p></li> <li><p>Non-Playing Member and Associate Member: Annual subscription 5/-</p></li> <li><p>Temporary Membership 1/- per match.</p></li></ol><p>Members referred to in paragraphs (a) and (b) above have full privileges.</p>
						</li>
						<!--PAGE 029-->
						<li>
							<p>That a copy of those rules be affixed in the Membership Card of the Club or otherwise forwarded to each member.</p>
						</li>
					</ol>
				</blockquote>
			</section>
			<section id="chapter-4-3" epub:type="z3998:subchapter">
				<h3 epub:type="title">Playing Season</h3>
				<p>The President was a tower of strength for Overseas behind the scenes and was an active supporter on the touchline. He did not manage to get to any ordinary Committee Meetings (these were usually Chaired by Bill Polkinghorne), at least during the 1958/59 season, although initially the “Resident” Committee met him in his office in South Street, Valletta, on two occasions. The Major was in charge of army rugby and through him we were allowed to use a pitch at Ta’ Qali once a fortnight as our “home ground”, and many facilities were put at the disposal of Overseas.</p>
				<p>For the 1958/59 season the grounds at Ta’ Qali came under a Joint Services Committee and they refused to let teams play on the pitches until the rains softened and protected them. At this time there were 6 pitches at Ta’ Qali, two of them being kept for special matches. At the beginning of the season the pitches at the Marsa had just been re-laid and were not in use. We had been granted permission by the <abbr epub:type="z3998:initialism">R.A.F.</abbr> authorities to use one of the huts at Ta’ Qali for changing in and to make use of the washing facilities on the camp. Our first “run around” of the season was on the 1st November on the football pitch at <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">St.</abbr> Andrews, next to <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">St.</abbr> Andrews Children’s School. Our first game, a trial match, was on the 8th November, versus <abbr epub:type="z3998:initialism">H.M.S.</abbr> Falcon at Hal Far, and our last game of the season was at Ta’ Qali on the 8th March, 1959, versus the Forts. The playing season of 1958/59 was typical for Malta. A short rainy season could curtail the playing season drastically, sometimes by March the grounds were dry and cracking. It was dangerous for players and the grass so lightly embedded that it could be scurfed off. On the other hand, on the odd occasion, with an extended rainy season and the help of watering the pitches, touring sides have been played in early May. Initially all Overseas first team games were played on Saturdays as it was believed most Service opposition was available on that day. By the end of the season it was agreed that opposition could always be found on a Sunday and at the same time, fewer, if any Overseas members were committed to play for their units.</p>
				<p>Good cooperation existed between the Overseas and the Forts. The Overseas agreed not to circulate propaganda to Navy units, although we were free to approach the Marines. The Dockyard was open to either. Fortunately, the Fleet Auxiliaries were left to the Overseas and at this time there was a considerable fleet constantly in and out of Malta. <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr> <abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">G.</abbr> Chere, Assistant <abbr epub:type="z3998:initialism">S.N.S.O.</abbr>, in charge of Fleet Auxiliaries, took blocks of Club and enrolment forms to give to the Captains of the following ships when in port:- Tide Flow, Tide Surge, Retainer, Wave Prince, Brown Ranger, Blue Ranger, Fort Duquesne and Eddy Cliffe. The Tides and Waves had approximately 100 <abbr epub:type="z3998:initialism">U.K.</abbr> personnel on board. Good cooperation also existed between the Overseas and the Nomads (Signets), Secretary Tom Baron, but here there was no problem re division of membership. “Nomads” was the name of a team only, no Club<!--PAGE 030--> was formed. A point to note was that as from the 22nd December, 1958, <abbr>HQ</abbr>3 Commando could not field a team, and 7 of their players joined Overseas. From this date up to the end of the season we could field a Saturday and a Sunday Team.</p>
				<p>On the 5th January, 1959, two representatives of the Forts, Jack Gibbons, Secretary, and Hugh Kay, Treasurer, proposed that the two Clubs, Overseas and Forts, should be merged as one socially, using Fort’s Club House in Argotti Street, Floriana, registering as perhaps the Malta Rugby Club, whilst keeping the playing sides entirely separate. The idea being to improve both Clubs socially and financially. At an Overseas Committee Meeting held on the 15th January, 1959, this proposal was discussed from both the short and long term views. It was unanimously agreed to remain as a separate unit socially as well as a team and to continue to use our own Club.</p>
				<p>Through the good offices of Major Scott Lowe 3 members of the Overseas, <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Messrs.</abbr> Polkinghorne, Morgan and Swain, attended a Combined Services Rugby Football Referee’s Course which took place between the 5 - 7 November, 1958, at 69 <abbr epub:type="z3998:initialism">A.E.C.</abbr>, Beacon House, <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">St.</abbr> Andrews. The course was entirely theoretical and no practical refereeing was undertaken. Inclemental weather at the time of the course stopped the practical part. After the theory exam, held on the 7th November, at Beacon House, we were able to referee Service games on the island.</p>
				<p>In the words of the Team Captain, <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr> <abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">N. J.</abbr> Swain, 1958/59 was an enjoyable season for the Overseas. Jim Swain was a great Club man and Team Captain. What he did not know about the blind side of the referee was not worth knowing. Leading scorers were Brian Hodgins with 73 points, including 15 tries, and Geoff Rushworth with 55 points, including 13 tries. A point worth noting is that both men were wing threequarters. The season was very short due to dry grounds.</p>
			</section>
			<section id="chapter-4-4" epub:type="z3998:subchapter">
				<h3 epub:type="title">Playing Record for 1958/59</h3>
				<table class="playing-record playing-record-rugby">
					<thead>
						<tr>
							<th>Played</th>
							<th>Won</th>
							<th>Drawn</th>
							<th>Lost</th>
							<th>Points For</th>
							<th>Points Against</th>
						</tr>
					</thead>
					<tbody>
						<tr>
							<td>15</td>
							<td>6</td>
							<td>1</td>
							<td>8</td>
							<td>236</td>
							<td>170</td>
						</tr>
					</tbody>
				</table>
			</section>
			<section id="chapter-4-5" epub:type="z3998:subchapter">
				<h3 epub:type="title">Club House - Gerry’s Bar</h3>
				<p>From the beginning of the 1958/59 season a look out had been kept for likely premises for a Club House. On the 28th September, 1958, the Treasurer of the Forts, <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Sub. Lt.</abbr> Hugh Kay, informed Overseas that there was a room vacant adjoining and belonging to Gerry’s Bar, at the corner of Manoel Street and Gzira Road, Gzira (Behind Marshall Court). The room had originally been a small café and was fitted out with a small bar. It had a main entrance into Manoel Street and a connecting door into the main bar. A preliminary meeting to discuss details took place on the 20th October, 1958, between Gerry, the Proprietor, and <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Messrs.</abbr> <abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">N. C.</abbr> Morgan, <abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">H. W.</abbr> Polkinghorne, General Committee, and <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr> &amp; <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mrs.</abbr> <abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">G.</abbr> Rushworth, Social Committee. A Committee Meeting was held at Gerry’s Bar on the 24th November 1958, to discuss the matter in Committee and enable the full Committee to look at the premises. It was decided to hire the room as a ClubHouse on a temporary basis as from the 1st December, 1958. The Club House was small, but a start. We did not register as a Club, Gerry’s Bar was already licensed<!--PAGE 031--> for liquor and we were using his premises, also buying our stock from him at little over cost price. Bill Polkinghorne was elected Bar Manager with Club and Bar Accounts to be kept separate. Rent of the room was £10 per month. It was decided to open the Club House on Monday, Saturday and Sunday evenings at 7:30 <abbr>p.m.</abbr> and on any day after an Overseas match at 5:30 <abbr class="eoc">p.m.</abbr> The Sunday evening opening was soon dropped.</p>
				<p>The Club House was closed for the close season as from the 2nd March, 1959, when a final get together was held. All stock was sold at a very much reduced price on this night, a good time was had by all. One or two privates were calling their Commanding Officer by Christian name, and one Captain I know drove three soldiers home like long lost buddies. I do not know what happened next day.</p>
				<p>The Club House at Gerry’s Bar was a partial success. It was too far away from the grounds for many players to make use of it after a game and it could have been used more when open of an evening (the old cry). From the income point of view the rent was too high and there was little or no profit from the bar during the first season. However, the Committee agreed that a Club House was essential, and that it had contributed a part in reforming and keeping the Club together. The Bar Manager, Bill Polkinghorne, and the Committee, men and ladies, had worked hard, putting in many hours in an attempt to make the Club House popular.</p>
				<p>At a pre season meeting held on the 6th October, 1959, the Committee were of the opinion that Gerry’s Bar was suitable for a Club House. Unfortunately, continued poor usage of the Club House by members throughout the 1959/60 season suggested otherwise. In spite of lack of bar business the Club House managed a profit of £3.4<abbr epub:type="z3998:truncation">s</abbr>, thanks to the Bar Manager, Geoff Rushworth, and the Bar Committee, <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Messrs.</abbr> <abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">T.</abbr> Goswell, <abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">V.</abbr> Morris and <abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">A.</abbr> Pagan.</p>
			</section>
			<section id="chapter-4-6" epub:type="z3998:subchapter">
				<h3 epub:type="title">Affiliation to the Rugby Football Union</h3>
				<p>On the 16th January, 1959, the first approach to the Rugby Football Union was made requesting affiliation. <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr> <abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">F. D.</abbr> Prentice, then Secretary of the <abbr epub:type="z3998:initialism">R.F.U.</abbr>, replied to our letter on the 30th January, 1959. <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr> Prentice commented on the fact that we were the only Civilian Club in Malta and presumed, correctly (except for touring sides), that our matches were against Service teams. He suggested that when there were one or two Clubs in Malta playing Rugby Union Football, the Union of these Clubs should be called the “Malta Rugby Union” and then it would be possible for his Committee to consider affiliation.</p>
				<p>Unless no record has been kept of any other attempt, the next approach to the <abbr epub:type="z3998:initialism">R.F.U.</abbr> for affiliation was on the 28th December, 1961, by the Overseas Secretary, <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr> <abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">C. V.</abbr> Morris. No copy has been kept of this letter. In his reply of the 13th December, 1961, <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr> Prentice thanked <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr> Morris for his letter and the Fixture Card which he had enclosed. <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr> Prentice regretted that there was little likelihood of there being another Rugby Club in Malta but nevertheless enclosed a nomination form for Membership to the Rugby Football Union. <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr> Prentice ended his letter by saying that our application would then be placed before the Committee of the <abbr epub:type="z3998:initialism">R.F.U.</abbr> at a later date for election to membership for season 1962/63. <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr> Prentice’s letter of the<!--PAGE 032--> 13th December was read out at Overseas Committee Meeting of the 21st December, when <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr> Morris said he would forward application to the <abbr epub:type="z3998:initialism">R.F.U.</abbr> after first obtaining the signatures of the Secretaries of the Navy and Army Rugby Unions. The request for signatures of the Secretaries of the two Unions was not in <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr> Prentice’s letter of the 13th December. Possibly it had been on the application form.</p>
				<p>No more was heard of the matter until the Overseas Annual General Meeting held on the 15th October, 1964, when members expressed the view that the <abbr epub:type="z3998:truncation">Hon.</abbr> Secretary should write to the <abbr epub:type="z3998:initialism">R.F.U.</abbr> regarding membership. <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr> Morris wrote again on the 17th October, 1964. No copy of this letter was kept. On the 28th October, 1964, <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr> <abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">R. E.</abbr> Prescott, Secretary of the <abbr epub:type="z3998:initialism">R.F.U.</abbr> replied:</p>
				<blockquote>
					<p>“At the Full Committee Meeting of the Rugby Football Union held last Friday, it was agreed to support the recommendation of the Overseas Liaison Sub-Committee that the Overseas Rugby Union Football Club, Malta, be accepted into membership with the Rugby Football Union.”</p>
						<p>“Under separate cover we will be sending you all the necessary information, <abbr class="eoc">etc.</abbr>”</p>
				</blockquote>
				<p>Following this letter there was complete silence from the <abbr epub:type="z3998:initialism">R.F.U.</abbr> <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr> Morris wrote to the <abbr epub:type="z3998:initialism">R.F.U.</abbr> on the 8th December, 1964, and on the 21st September, 1965, asking for the “necessary information” and asking for official notification of Club’s Membership to the <abbr epub:type="z3998:initialism">R.F.U.</abbr> Finally, on the 29th September, 1965 <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr> Prescott wrote apologizing for the fact that notification of Membership had apparently not been sent and enclosing a letter to the effect that the Overseas was accepted into Membership with the <abbr epub:type="z3998:initialism">R.F.U.</abbr> as from the 1st September, 1965.</p>
			</section>
			<section id="chapter-4-7" epub:type="z3998:subchapter">
				<h3 epub:type="title">Club Bank Account</h3>
				<p>The first Club Bank Account was opened with Barclays Bank, Prince of Wales Road, Sliema, immediately after Committee Meeting on the 23rd March, 1959. Signatures required for withdrawals to be those of the <abbr epub:type="z3998:truncation">Hon.</abbr> Treasurer and the <abbr epub:type="z3998:truncation">Hon.</abbr> Social Secretary. Various bank changes are given under “Overseas Funds, 1974/75”.</p>
			</section>
			<section id="chapter-4-8" epub:type="z3998:subchapter">
				<h3 epub:type="title">Club Telephone</h3>
				<p>A telephone was installed at the home of the Club Secretary on the 12th March, 1959, under the name “Overseas Rugby Union Football Club” (Sliema 2892), seven months after requesting it from the <abbr epub:type="z3998:initialism">G.P.O.</abbr> Valletta. The original idea was that each retiring Secretary would have the phone transferred to the succeeding Secretary or whoever was acting as Team Secretary. When the phone was first installed the <abbr epub:type="z3998:truncation">Hon.</abbr> Secretary was acting in both capacities. Transferring the phone proved impracticable either because of technical reasons or the fact that an incoming Secretary already had his own phone. On two occasions when the Club phone could not be transferred to the new Secretary, the Club phone was transferred to another member of the Committee. On both occasions that particular number lapsed as far as the Club was concerned. It became the practice,<!--PAGE 033--> when an incoming Secretary had his own phone, to have it transferred to the Club’s name. Finally, the identity of a Club telephone was “lost” at the time of the British Forces withdrawal in January, 1972.</p>
			</section>
			<section id="chapter-4-9" epub:type="z3998:subchapter">
				<h3 epub:type="title">Social Events</h3>
				<p>Two dances were held during the 1958/59 season at the Queen’s Hall, Old College Street, Sliema, with the main object to improve the Club’s financial position. A great deal of hard work was put in by John George, Social Secretary, and his Committee, <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr> &amp; <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mrs.</abbr> <abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">G.</abbr> Rushworth, <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mrs.</abbr> <abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">M.</abbr> Polkinghorne, initially <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr> <abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">V.</abbr> Palmer, and members of the General Committee. The first on the 6th December, 1958, and the second on the 7th February, 1959, with profits of £20 and £17 respectively. Not a great deal of profit for the amount of work and Committee hours spent planning, but it kept the Club solvent.</p>
			</section>
			<section id="chapter-4-10" epub:type="z3998:subchapter">
				<h3 epub:type="title">Membership</h3>
				<p>The total Membership of the Club for 1958/59 season was 56 including 4 Lady Members. The Membership was made up of 21 Full Members, 16 Non Players and 19 Temporary Members. Temporary Members, <abbr epub:type="z3998:initialism">i.e.</abbr>, players paying 1/- per match, had previously been known as Associate Members. The change was made to stress the fact that Temporary Members could not expect the same privileges as Full Members. The ladies played a vital part in rebuilding the Club.</p>
				<p>I was due to leave Malta in July, 1959, and <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr> <abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">N. J.</abbr> Swain took over as Caretaker <abbr epub:type="z3998:truncation">Hon.</abbr> Secretary on the 27th April, 1959.</p>
			</section>
		</section>
	</body>
</html>
