<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
      xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops"
      epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/, se: https://standardebooks.org/vocab/1.0"
      xml:lang="en-GB">
  <head>
    <title>XXVI</title>
    <link href="../css/core.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
    <link href="../css/local.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body epub:type="bodymatter z3998:fiction">
    <section id="chapter-26" epub:type="chapter">
      <section>
        <!--PAGE 161-->
        <h1>1976/77</h1>

        <h2>General Committee</h2>

        <p>
          Annual General Meeting, Club House, 30th September, 1976.
        </p>

        <p>
          The following Officials were elected:
        </p>

        <table class="elected-officials">
          <tr>
            <th>President</th>
            <td>T.N. Ricketts</td>
          </tr>
          <tr>
            <th>Vice-Presidents</th>
            <td>
              <ul>
                <li>M. Newton</li>
                <li>C. Fox</li>
                <li>J. Sharp</li>
                <li>D. Alexander</li>
                <li>F. Kitson</li>
                <li>A. Latham</li>
                <li>B. Charnley</li>
                <li>D. Walker</li>
                <li>B. Leonard</li>
                <li>Hon. P.J. Tyler</li>
              </ul>
            </td>
          </tr>
          <tr>
            <th>Hon. General Secretary</th>
            <td>C.E. Fitches</td>
          </tr>
          <tr>
            <th>Hon. General Treasurer</th>
            <td>J. Andrews</td>
          </tr>
          <tr>
            <th>Hon. General Social Secretary</th>
            <td>J.A. Hughes</td>
          </tr>
          <tr>
            <th>Membership Secretary</th>
            <td>A. Latham</td>
          </tr>
          <tr>
            <th>Club House/Bar Manager</th>
            <td>M. Crossfield</td>
          </tr>
          <tr>
            <th>Social Committee</th>
            <td>J.A. Hughes (Secretary), and one member from each Section</td>
          </tr>
          <tr>
            <th>Bar Committee</th>
            <td>
              <ul>
                <li>M. Crossfield (Manager)</li>
                <li>G. Davey</li>
                <li>S. Newman</li>
                <li>J. Hughes</li>
                <li>W. Wood</li>
              </ul>
            </td>
          </tr>
        </table>

        <p>
          After 4 years as Hon. Secretary, followed by 3 years as Hon. General
          Secretary, Trevor Ricketts was honoured by being elected the 12th President
          of the Club. It was an honour well deserved. The Office of Hon. General
          Secretary was taken over by Charlie Fitches.
        </p>

        <h2>Steering Committee for the Run Down of the Club</h2>

        <p>
          With the 7-year Defence Agreement between Malta and Britain due to end in
          March, 1979, and the consequent complete withdrawal of all British Forces
          and U.K. Based Civilians from Malta, there exists the very real
          possibility that on or before that date the Overseas Rugby and Sports Club
          will be forced to close down. Besides the obvious problem of lack of
          numbers, there is the question of whether the Maltese, members and
          non-members, have sufficient interest to keep the non-Maltese sports of
          rugby and cricket alive in Malta. As for soccer and hockey, especially
          with soccer being the Maltese national game, the question is whether there
          would be the continued need for 'Overseas' XIs. All sections of the Club
          have already felt the strain of decreasing numbers and lack of fixtures as
          the British Forces have gradually withdrawn, but the testing time will
          finally arrive when the last of the British Service Schools, Tal Handaq
          and Luqa, close in July, 1978. The biggest proportion of our present
          membership comes from the Service schools, particularly S.C.S. Tal Handaq,
          and to a lesser extent from the Services. With this in mind, in February,
          1977, at the suggestion of the General Secretary, Mr. C. Fitches, the
          Overseas General Committee formed a Steering Committee to consider the
          future activities of the Club, and ultimately to make recommendations with
          regard to the distribution and eventual disposal of the Club's funds.
        </p>

        <p>
          The Steering Committee was formed from members of the General Committee
          and was made up as follows:
        </p>

        <ul>
          <li>Mr. C. Fox (Chairman)</li>
          <li>Mr. J. Sharp</li>
          <li>Mr. J. Andrews</li>
          <li>Mr. B. Leonard</li>
        </ul>

        <p>
          The Steering Committee met twice during the second half of the 1976/77
          season, and having examined the full list of members, both playing and
          social, the Chairman, Mr. C. Fox, <!--PAGE 162--> was able to report to the
          A.G.M. on the 30th September, 1977, that subject to the continued
          availability of the Marsa Pitch, rugby will continue for another season
          (1977/78), we shall have a soccer and hockey team, and that we shall enjoy
          cricket at least until the end of July, 1978. At the same time the Steering
          Committee decided that there might just be a possibility of leaving a
          nucleus of an Overseas, in a much reduced form, here after 1979.
        </p>

        <p>
          The Steering Committee's suggestion that interested members of the
          Services and the University might be co-opted on the General Committee to
          ensure that the game of rugby will continue after this season, was adopted
          by the General Committee.
        </p>

        <h2>Finances</h2>

        <p>
          At the end of 1976/77 the Hon. General Treasurer, Mr. J. Andrews, was able
          to report that available funds amounted to £M225.53, and that the
          U.K. balance stood at £123.37. This was attributed not only to the healthy
          profit from the Bar of £M175.81, a figure considerably higher than in recent
          years, but also to all social functions being financially successful. The
          financial position of the Club was described as being very sound, and in his
          end of year report the President was able to thank James Andrews for his
          meticulous book-keeping and his desire to sort out problems at any time.
        </p>

        <p>
          In addition to the above, the sum of £M172 was still owing to the Club from
          the sale of T.Shirts. This was a project in which Jeff Bonner had 200 White
          T.Shirts printed with the name of Overseas Rugby &amp; Sports Club, Malta, a
          Maltese Cross incorporating the initials ORSC, and a picture of the Maltese
          Islands. It was not only financially sound and the shirts popular, but it
          was a means of spreading the word about the Club in Malta, and in the U.K.
        </p>

        <h2>Membership</h2>

        <p>
          In 1976/77, a difficult year in which the withdrawal of the British Forces
          and U.K. Based Civilians was beginning to show in the Club's membership
          strength, the Membership Secretary, Mr. Alan Latham, was able to report a
          fully paid up membership of 77, including 5 students. A difficult job in
          difficult time, added to the fact that due to the relaxed nature of rugby in
          Malta, it was virtually impossible to insist all players were members. These
          figures compare with previous years as follows:
        </p>

        <table>
          <tr>
            <td>1973/74</td>
            <td>96 members including 25 students</td>
          </tr>
          <tr>
            <td>1974/75</td>
            <td>87 members including 1 student</td>
          </tr>
          <tr>
            <td>1975/76</td>
            <td>130 members including no students</td>
          </tr>
        </table>

        <p>
          Over the years the task of Membership Secretary had almost always been
          carried out by the Hon. Secretary, and it was not until 1973/74, when the
          membership increased on Overseas becoming a Sports Club, that it was
          accepted as necessary for one man to be in sole charge of membership. In
          1975/76 the rules of the Club were amended to add the Membership Secretary
          to the list of full members of the General Committee.
        </p>

        <section>
          <!--PAGE 163-->
          <h2>Rugby Section 1976/77</h2>

          <p>
            Annual General Meeting, Club House, 21, Flagstone Wharf, Marsa, 30th
            September, 1976.
          </p>

          <p>
            The following Officials were elected:
          </p>

          <table class="elected-officials">
            <tr>
              <th>Chairman</th>
              <td>J.A. Sharp</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
              <th>Hon. Secretary</th>
              <td>E.G.C. Macpherson</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
              <th>Hon. Treasurer</th>
              <td>J. Andrews</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
              <th>Hon. Social Secretary</th>
              <td>J.A. Hughes</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
              <th>Team Captain &amp; Fixture Secretary</th>
              <td>B. Charnley</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
              <th>Vice-Captain</th>
              <td>J. Andrews</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
              <th>'B' Team Captain</th>
              <td>M. Cassar</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
              <th>Selection Committee</th>
              <td>
                <ul>
                  <li>B. Charnley</li>
                  <li>J. Andrews</li>
                  <li>J. Sharp</li>
                </ul>
              </td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
              <th>R.N. Representative</th>
              <td>
                <ul>
                  <li>C.P.O. M. Kirk</li>
                  <li>P.O. W. Wood</li>
                </ul>
              </td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
              <th>R.A.F. Representative</th>
              <td>F/O G. Laing</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
              <th>Army Representative</th>
              <td>
                <ul>
                  <li>Capt C. Brant</li>
                  <li>Cpl. R. McArdle</li>
                </ul>
              </td>
            </tr>
          </table>

          <p>
            In spite of the problems by the gradual run-down of membership, Overseas
            continued to field two teams throughout the season, although at times with
            great difficulty, and with great pressure on the Rugby Section Committee. It
            was increasingly difficult to put out a full XV. The pressures came to a
            head at the back end of 1976 when, Mr. Jack Sharp, temporarily resigned.
            And although struggling to continue with our high standards, we maintained a
            full fixture list, albeit it was amongst the same few teams. Our problems
            increased late in the season when unfortunately the 'B' Team Captain, Mr.
            Marcel Cassar, cracked his ribs during a game.
          </p>

          <p>
            The number of senior rugby XVs in Malta now stood at 4 i.e. Overseas, 41
            Commando, the R.A.F. and the Army, with the occasional visiting
            H.M. ship. With so few resident teams it was a credit to the Joint Services
            Rugby Committee that they managed to keep a full fixture list. Our
            Representative on this Committee was Brian Charnley, Overseas Team
            Captain. At 'B' Team level, besides the 'B' teams of the participants at
            senior team level, we also had teams from St. Edward's College, De la Salle
            College, the University of Malta, and the S.C.S., Tal Handaq. The fact that
            these Colleges and the University were fielding XVs is the brighter side of
            the season, and of great pleasure to the Overseas Club. It was a reward in
            itself to the present and past Committees, both at General and Rugby Section
            level, who had worked so hard over a number of years to interest and
            encourage the game locally.  Also, it was an added pleasure that the number
            of Maltese playing in Overseas XVs and joining the Club increased during
            the season.
          </p>

          <p>
            Once again, at Both A and B team levels, the rugby standard of 41 Commando
            was too high for other teams on the island and Overseas suffered several
            defeats in fixtures with them. The season started off disastrously for
            Overseas on the 3rd October, 1976, with a 50-20 defeat by the Army, and
            ended on the 24th April, 1977, with a milder defeat, 13-10, by H.M. Yacht
            Britannia.  The season was quite long for Malta. Our standard improved
            during the season with one or two new players, and the return of one or two
            old hands, including the President, Trevor Ricketts, and over the season we
            finished about even against the R.A.F. and the Army.  The Young Player of
            the Year Cup was awarded to Alex Darmanin.
          </p>

          <p>
            Thursday evening indoor training, organized by Brian Charnley,
            <!--PAGE 164--> commenced on the 3rd December in the gymnasium of Tal Handaq
            School, by kind permission of the School Authorities. The Club rugby
            training films were now held by Marcel Cassar, who acted as Librarian. The
            films were now coming into their own as different bodies were interested in
            using them, including the R.A.F., and the new teams of the University and
            the Colleges.
          </p>

          <p>
            Again, through the good offices of Jack Sharp, Rugby Section Chairman, the
            Secretary of the National Sports Board, Mr. Colin Cauchi, gave Overseas
            permission to use the rugby pitch at the Marsa on Saturdays and Sundays for
            Club games, and on Mondays, Wednesdays and Fridays during the week for
            schoolboy training.  Later in the season certain restrictions were imposed
            on the use of the pitch on training days, and on the odd occasion, such as
            the weekend of the 11th/12th December, we were unable to use the pitch due
            to local soccer being played there. During the season the Services did not
            need to use the Marsa for their home games. 41 Commando, with a Club House
            at R.A.F. Safi, now had their own pitch at Hal Far, and the R.A.F. still had
            their own pitch at Safi. The Colleges, University and Tal Handaq all used
            the one pitch at the Marsa with their games being played Monday to
            Friday. Through the good offices of the Naval Sports Officer, Lt. Dixon, and
            the R.N. Representative on the Rugby Section Committee, C.P.O. M. Kirk, the
            Overseas Club looked after the marking of the Marsa pitch and general care
            of the posts etc. During this season the Overseas Club had every reason to
            be grateful to the Representatives of the 3 Services who sat on the Rugby
            Section Committee. Not only for work done for the Club, but also for advice
            in Committee, and for the continued spirit of co-ordination of Overseas and
            Service Rugby.
          </p>

          <p>
            The most important aspect of the season was the continued interest and
            improvement in the game shown by St. Edward's College and De la Salle
            College, and the starting of the game at the Royal University of Malta. The
            Colleges and S.C.S. Tal Handaq had joint training sessions during the week
            at the Marsa under Mr. Ricketts and Mr. Charnley. The University players
            were well coached by Marcel Cassar and not only provided 'B' team opposition
            themselves, but were keen enough to play for Overseas 'B' team on the
            occasion, also to join in Overseas Training. The first game played by the
            University (R.U.M.) team was on the 21st November versus Overseas 'B' at the
            Marsa and this was great credit to Marcel. Mr. Charnley undertook to deal
            with coaching and other requirements of the various College Rugby
            sections. In November he informed the Rugby Section Committee that with 4
            Colleges/School/R.U.M. in Malta there was the basis of a Junior League, and
            by January he reported that Tal Handaq, De la Salle and St. Edward's were
            now playing each other fairly regularly. The R.U.M. players proved too big
            for schoolboy rugby. The only disappointment was that St. Aloysius College,
            although interested, did not field a team, in spite of Mr. Sharp, Rugby
            Section Chairman, approaching the College suggesting schoolboy coaching. In
            March, Mr. Charnley ran an inter-College/School competition with
            St. Edward's, De la Salle and Tal Handaq taking part, and this proved a
            great success.  At the time of the competition the R.U.M. were unable to
            field a side. Mr. Charnley said that the objectives in promoting a school's
            competition had been achieved.
          </p>

          <p>
            At the start of the season the Rugby Section Committee looked into the
            possibility of an Overseas party making a return visit <!--PAGE 165--> to
            Makarska, near Split, Yugoslavia, at the invitation of the Energoinvest
            Rugby Club. The cost proved prohibitive. Investigations had also been going
            on into a more economical tour to Messina and in answer to initial enquiries
            by Mr.  Ewan Macpherson, Rugby Section Secretary, the Centro Universitario
            Sportivo (CUS), Messina, invited Overseas to tour. This offer was
            accepted. After a great deal of further correspondence, telephone calls and
            telegrams on the part of Jack Sharp, Ewan Macpherson and James Andrews
            (Vice-Captain), the tour was finally arranged for the 13-17 April,
            1977. Unfortunately, after all their efforts, the tour had to be cancelled
            on the 11th April due to lack of support from Overseas members. At the time
            of cancellation only 13 players were available and this comprised 8 Overseas
            members, including Trevor Ricketts hoping to make his second tour to
            Messina, and 5 guests from 41 Commando (3) and the R.A.F. (2). This had been
            looked upon as the last possible chance for an Overseas XV to make a tour.
            The money to enable the tour to be made, a total of £M75, had been raised by
            a series of raffles, mostly at film nights, profit from a disco in November,
            and from tickets, cabaret and raffle at the Rugby Section Dinner
            Dance. Added to this the Steering Committee (on run down of Club) had
            recommended to the General Committee that a grant of £M75 be made towards
            the expenses of the proposed tour. At the suggestion of Mr. Sharp, 6
            volunteers for the tour who had been inconvenienced to a significant extent
            by the cancellation were given complimentary tickets for the Club's Annual
            Dinner Dance, at a cost of £M30, also tankards and ties were bought for
            those leaving (£M10.95). The remainder of the money raised was donated to the
            Cricket League Tour to Corfu. Earlier in the season two U.K. Teams, the West
            Midlands Police and Merthyr R.F.C., contacted Overseas requesting they tour
            Malta possibly at Easter. These contacts came to nothing.  Fortunately,
            H.M.S. Hermes were visiting Malta at Easter, 1977 and enjoyable games were
            played against the Hermes and the Glamorgan on the 9th and 10th April, also
            H.M. Yacht Britannia on the 24th April.
          </p>

          <p>
            During the summer of 1977 the Team Captain, Brian Charnley, and Bill Wood
            left Malta, and so the Overseas XV lost two of its most consistent players
            and leading try scorers of the two seasons, 1975-77, added to which Brian
            had been one of the recognised goal kickers. Both had represented Overseas
            in Combined XVs and Bill played for the Navy (Malta) and usually in any
            Combined Service XVs in Malta. Brian, who had been in charge of schoolboy
            rugby coaching and other requirements of the College rugby sections during
            1976/77 would also be missed in future school rugby development. As Team
            Captain he had represented Overseas on the J.S.R.C. and for his second and
            final year he had been a Vice-President of the Club. Both men hard to
            replace.
          </p>

          <!--PAGE 166-->
          <h3>Points Scored by Individual Players 1976/77</h3>

          <table>
            <thead>
              <tr>
                <th colspan="5">"A" TEAM SCORERS</th>
              </tr>
              <tr>
                <th></th>
                <th>Tries</th>
                <th>Con.</th>
                <th>Pen.</th>
                <th>Total Points</th>
              </tr>
            </thead>
            <tbody>
              <tr>
                <td>B. Charnley</td>
                <td>9</td>
                <td>13</td>
                <td>2</td>
                <td>68</td>
              </tr>
              <tr>
                <td>W. Wood</td>
                <td>9</td>
                <td></td>
                <td></td>
                <td>36</td>
              </tr>
              <tr>
                <td>R. McArdle</td>
                <td>1</td>
                <td>8</td>
                <td>1</td>
                <td>23</td>
              </tr>
              <tr>
                <td>H. Archer</td>
                <td>4</td>
                <td>2</td>
                <td></td>
                <td>20</td>
              </tr>
              <tr>
                <td>E. McCarthy</td>
                <td>5</td>
                <td></td>
                <td></td>
                <td>20</td>
              </tr>
              <tr>
                <td>J. Andrews</td>
                <td>4</td>
                <td></td>
                <td></td>
                <td>16</td>
              </tr>
              <tr>
                <td>A. Darmanin</td>
                <td>3</td>
                <td></td>
                <td></td>
                <td>12</td>
              </tr>
              <tr>
                <td>D. Schembri</td>
                <td>3</td>
                <td></td>
                <td></td>
                <td>12</td>
              </tr>
              <tr>
                <td>J. Turner</td>
                <td></td>
                <td>5</td>
                <td></td>
                <td>10</td>
              </tr>
              <tr>
                <td>C. Brown</td>
                <td>2</td>
                <td> </td>
                <td> </td>
                <td>8</td>
              </tr>
              <tr>
                <td>P. Corran</td>
                <td>2</td>
                <td></td>
                <td></td>
                <td>8</td>
              </tr>
              <tr>
                <td>M. Crossfield</td>
                <td>2</td>
                <td></td>
                <td></td>
                <td>8</td>
              </tr>
              <tr>
                <td>C. Medlicott</td>
                <td>2</td>
                <td></td>
                <td></td>
                <td>8</td>
              </tr>
              <tr>
                <td>D. Watson</td>
                <td>2</td>
                <td></td>
                <td></td>
                <td>8</td>
              </tr>
            </tbody>
          </table>

          <p>
            9 Players scored 1 try each:
          </p>

          <ul>
            <li>G. Davey</li>
            <li>G. Doyle</li>
            <li>G. Laing</li>
            <li>T. Ling</li>
            <li>E. Macpherson</li>
            <li>J. Pheasant</li>
            <li>R. Stringer</li>
            <li>R. Swindley</li>
            <li>D. Wilson</li>
          </ul>

          <h3>Playing Record for 1976/77</h3>

          <table class="playing-record playing-record-rugby">
            <thead>
              <tr>
                <th>Team</th>
                <th>Played</th>
                <th>Won</th>
                <th>Drawn</th>
                <th>Lost</th>
                <th>Points For</th>
                <th>Points Against</th>
              </tr>
            </thead>
            <tbody>
              <tr>
                <th>1st XV</th>
                <td>14</td>
                <td>7</td>
                <td>0</td>
                <td>7</td>
                <td>293</td>
                <td>267</td>
              </tr>
              <tr>
                <th>'B' XV</th>
                <td>12</td>
                <td>8</td>
                <td>0</td>
                <td>4</td>
                <td>204</td>
                <td>236</td>
              </tr>
            </tbody>
          </table>
        </section>

        <section>
          <!--PAGE 167-->
          <h2>Soccer Section 1976/77</h2>

          <p>
            Annual General Meeting, Club House, 16th September, 1976
          </p>

          <p>
            Officials of the Soccer Section for 1976/77:
          </p>

          <table class="elected-officials">
            <tr>
              <th>Chairman</th>
              <td>T.N. Ricketts</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
              <th>Hon. Secretary</th>
              <td>J.J. Bonner</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
              <th>Hon. Treasurer</th>
              <td>D. Smith</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
              <th>Hon. Social Secretary</th>
              <td>T.G. Jordan</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
              <th>Captain</th>
              <td>J.J. Bonner</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
              <th>Vice-Captain</th>
              <td>D. Smith</td>
            </tr>
          </table>

          <p>
            Again the Soccer Section had a difficult year in putting out a team in both
            the Major and Minor Leagues.  As with all sections of the Club, the Soccer
            Section was increasingly feeling the effects of the imminent withdrawal from
            Malta. In spite of this, in the words of the President, Trevor Ricketts, in
            his end of season report, the Soccer Section, under the general leadership
            of Jeff Bonner, again managed to fulfil their obligations in the Services'
            League and equip themselves fairly well, a tremendous spirit spread
            throughout the whole team. Jeff himself confirmed this in saying that as one
            can see from results, football was a struggle this year, but I think we all
            enjoyed ourselves nevertheless.
          </p>

          <h3>Results for 1976/77</h3>

          <table class="playing-record playing-record-soccer">
            <thead>
              <tr>
                <th>Team</th>
                <th>Played</th>
                <th>Won</th>
                <th>Drawn</th>
                <th>Lost</th>
                <th>Goals For</th>
                <th>Goals Against</th>
                <th>Points</th>
                <th>Notes</th>
              </tr>
            </thead>
            <tbody>
              <tr>
                <th>Major League - 'Corinthians'</th>
                <td>12</td>
                <td>2</td>
                <td>3</td>
                <td>7</td>
                <td>20</td>
                <td>51</td>
                <td>7</td>
                <td>Bonner 10, Kiefer 2, Bonnar 2, Churchward 2</td>
              </tr>
              <tr>
                <th>Minor League Division I - 'Overseas'</th>
                <td>14</td>
                <td>4</td>
                <td>2</td>
                <td>8</td>
                <td>21</td>
                <td>35</td>
                <td>10</td>
                <td>
                  Bonner 8, Smith 3, Cooper 3<br />
                  Winner of Minor League Division I: Comcen (Malta)<br />
                  Winner of Minor League Division II: St. George's
                </td>
              </tr>
            </tbody>
          </table>

          <table>
            <thead>
              <tr>
                <th colspan="2">
                  Minor Units Knock-Out Cup Final - 2nd April at St. Andrews
                </th>
              </tr>
            </thead>
            <tbody>
              <tr>
                <td>HQ Company, 41 Commando</td>
                <td>1</td>
              </tr>
              <tr>
                <td>Engineering Wing</td>
                <td>0</td>
              </tr>
            </tbody>
          </table>
        </section>

        <section>
          <!--PAGE 168-->
          <h2>Hockey Section 1976/77</h2>

          <table class="elected-officials">
            <tr>
              <th>Chairman</th>
              <td>P. Marchant</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
              <th>Hon Secretary</th>
              <td>D. Walker</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
              <th>Hon Treasurer</th>
              <td>P. Marchant</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
              <th>Hon Social Secretary</th>
              <td>D. Walker</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
              <th>Team Captain</th>
              <td>C. Fitches</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
              <th>Vice-Captain</th>
              <td>D. Walker</td>
            </tr>
          </table>

          <p>
            Overseas Hockey XI started off the season in fine style by beating 234
            Signal Squadron.  However, this high standard was rarely emulated again
            during the season for various reasons, mainly the unavailability of
            players. Indeed, it became increasingly difficult to meet our league
            commitments, although this was at times because the opposition cancelled
            matches, and it was not always possible to accommodate the offered return
            fixtures.
          </p>

          <p>
            The high standard was again produced in the Services Knock-out Cup. On the
            way to the final we defeated 234 Signal Squadron by 5-1 and St. Angelo by
            3-1, and in the final we held the powerful 41 Commando to a goalless draw at
            full time, only to be defeated in extra time by sheer stamina.
          </p>

          <p>
            Due to the gradual withdrawal of different Service Units from Malta the
            League was sadly depleted with only 5 teams taking part, namely, Overseas,
            234 Signal Squadron, St. Angelo (Navy) R.A.F., and 41 Commando. Opposition
            was difficult to find, and at the end of the season 4 league fixtures were
            unplayed.
          </p>

          <p>
            When at full strength Overseas Hockey Team for 1976/77 ably led by Charles
            Fitches, was probably one of the strongest and most successful teams in the
            Section's history. Our fast and hard hitting forward line included John
            Whitehead, who set the standard for the team and was our leading striker and
            goal scorer, ably supported by Ken Dobell. The team this year did not
            include any lady members.
          </p>

          <p>
            Players for 1976/77 were:
          </p>
          <ul>
            <li>C. Fitches (Captain)</li>
            <li>D. Walker (Vice-Captain)</li>
            <li>P. Marchant</li>
            <li>J. Whitehead</li>
            <li>M. Crossfield</li>
            <li>K. Dobell</li>
            <li>G. Davey</li>
            <li>H. Ritchie</li>
            <li>T. Ricketts</li>
            <li>J. Slide</li>
            <li>S. Newman</li>
            <li>D. Longlands. Tal Handaq Boys, D. North</li>
            <li>S. Oliver</li>
            <li>M. Beresford</li>
          </ul>

          <p>
            Left Malta in July, 1977:
          </p>
          <ul>
            <li>K. Dobell</li>
            <li>S. Newman</li>
            <li>D. Longlands</li>
            <li>D. North</li>
            <li>M. Beresford</li>
          </ul>

          <table class="playing-record playing-record-hockey">
            <thead>
              <tr>
                <th colspan="5">Hockey League - 'Overseas'</th>
              </tr>
              <tr>
                <th>Played</th>
                <th>Won</th>
                <th>Drawn</th>
                <th>Lost</th>
                <th>Points</th>
              </tr>
            </thead>
            <tbody>
              <tr>
                <td>4</td>
                <td>1</td>
                <td>0</td>
                <td>3</td>
                <td></td>
              </tr>
            </tbody>
          </table>
        </section>

        <section>
          <!--PAGE 169-->
          <h2>Cricket Section 1977</h2>

          <p>Annual General Meeting, Club House, 3rd March.</p>

          <table class="elected-officials">
            <tr>
              <th>Chairman</th>
              <td>M.F. Plummer</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
              <th>Hon. Secretary</th>
              <td>M. Newton</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
              <th>Hon. Treasurer</th>
              <td>M. Caseley</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
              <th>Hon. Social Secretary</th>
              <td>J. Hughes</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
              <th>Team Captain</th>
              <td>G. Davey</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
              <th>Vice-Captain</th>
              <td>D. Walker</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
              <th>Selection Committee</th>
              <td>
                <ul>
                  <li>G. Davey</li>
                  <li>D. Walker</li>
                  <li>J. Sharp</li>
                </ul>
              </td>
            </tr>
          </table>

          <p>
            New Overseas members included an Australian, a Sri Lankan and a Pakistani,
            all teachers at the Libyan Polytechnic. Unfortunately, we had lost the
            services of Mike Shaw, described as the best wicket keeper on the Island.
          </p>

          <p>
            Overseas started off the 1977 cricket season on a high note by winning the
            traditional curtain raiser, the league 6-a-side K.O. Competition, on the
            23rd April. We entered 3 teams out of a total of 20. Unfortunately, our
            standard was inconsistent due to the fact that our team was severely
            weakened at times by key players being unavailable. Consequently, in spite
            of several good wins when at full strength, we finished the league 5th out
            of 8. League honours were carried by 41 Commando who were worthy
            winners. The 8 League teams came from the Army, the Royal Navy, Overseas, 41
            Commando, with the R.A.F. and the M.S.C. each producing 2.
          </p>

          <table class="match-results match-results-cricket">
            <tr>
              <td>Sat 30 Apr</td>
              <td>vs</td>
              <td>41 Cdo</td>
              <td>Lost</td>
              <td>41Cdo 200-6, Overseas 115-9</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
              <td>Sat 14 May</td>
              <td>vs</td>
              <td>Army</td>
              <td>Won</td>
              <td>Overseas 176-4, Army 107, Ricketts 100</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
              <td>Sat 21 May</td>
              <td>vs</td>
              <td>R.A.F. Penguins</td>
              <td>Won</td>
              <td>Overseas 176-6, Penguins 168-8</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
              <td>Sat 28 May</td>
              <td>vs</td>
              <td>MSC Nomads</td>
              <td>Won</td>
              <td>Nomads 147-9, Overseas 152-5</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
              <td>Fri 3 Jun</td>
              <td>vs</td>
              <td>MSC</td>
              <td>Lost</td>
              <td>Overseas 174-9, MSC 175-5</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
              <td>Sat 11 Jun</td>
              <td>vs</td>
              <td>R.A.F. Puffins</td>
              <td>Lost</td>
              <td>Overseas 115-9, Puffins 116-4</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
              <td>Tue 14 Jun</td>
              <td>vs</td>
              <td>Royal Navy</td>
              <td>Won</td>
              <td>Overseas 210-6, R.N. 99</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
              <td>Sat 18 Jun</td>
              <td>vs</td>
              <td>MSC Nomads</td>
              <td>Won</td>
              <td>Nomads 79, Overseas 80-2</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
              <td>Wed 22 Jun</td>
              <td>vs</td>
              <td>Army</td>
              <td>Lost</td>
              <td>Overseas 120-7, Army 122-6</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
              <td>Tue 28 Jun</td>
              <td>vs</td>
              <td>41 Commando</td>
              <td>Lost</td>
              <td>41 Cdo 227-2, Overseas 100</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
              <td>Fri 1 Jul</td>
              <td>vs</td>
              <td>R.A.F. Penguins</td>
              <td>Lost</td>
              <td>Overseas 165-6, Penguins 166-5</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
              <td>Wed 6 Jul</td>
              <td>vs</td>
              <td>Royal Navy</td>
              <td>Won</td>
              <td>Overseas 244-6, R.N. 113-9</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
              <td>Sat 9 Jul</td>
              <td>vs</td>
              <td>MSC</td>
              <td>Won</td>
              <td>MSC 112-9, Overseas 114-8</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
              <td>Tue 19 Jul</td>
              <td>vs</td>
              <td>R.A.F. Puffins</td>
              <td>Lost</td>
              <td>Overseas 149-7, Puffins 150-2</td>
            </tr>
          </table>

          <br />

          <table class="playing-record playing-record-cricket">
            <thead>
              <tr>
                <th colspan="5">Overseas League Record for 1977</th>
              </tr>
              <tr>
                <th>Played</th>
                <th>Won</th>
                <th>Drawn</th>
                <th>Lost</th>
                <th>Points</th>
              </tr>
            </thead>
            <tbody>
              <tr>
                <td>14</td>
                <td>7</td>
                <td>0</td>
                <td>7</td>
                <td></td>
              </tr>
            </tbody>
          </table>

          <p>
            Once again our most consistent scorers were our opening batsmen, Gerry Davey
            and Trevor Ricketts. Both men represented Overseas on the Malta Select XI on
            4 occasions, and performed with distinction. Alan Latham was our best
            bowler, taking 21 wickets in the league on a wicket which favoured the
            batsmen.
          </p>

          <p>
            In the single wicket competition Gerry Davey was beaten by Ray Stringer in
            the final. Ray was himself an Overseas Player, but represented 41 Commando
            in this competition.
          </p>

          <p>
            On the 11th September, for the second year running, we reached the final of
            the Government Tourist Board Trophy, only to be defeated by the
            R.A.F. Puffins by two wickets in a very exciting match. Our opponents in
            rounds 1 and 2 were the M.S.C. <!--PAGE 170--> and the Navy respectively. In
            defeating the Navy, Gerry Davey scored 104, and Trevor Ricketts 99, out of a
            total score of 246-4.
          </p>

          <p>
            Throughout the season 8 talented cricketing sides toured Malta, for the most
            part old friends, starting with the Speedbirds C.C. in May. The other
            visitors were Mendip Acorns in June, followed closely by newcomers the
            Sheffield Cricket Lovers from Yorkshire. At the end of August came Old
            Vigornians from Worcester and in September the Nottingham Select and the
            Blighters. In October the season was brought to a close by the Mendip Acorns
            again, the Forty Club and Bill Frindall's XI.  All the touring sides played
            Combined Service and/or Combined Civilian teams, and each touring side
            played different individual teams. For the Cricket Festival in October, we
            had no less than 3 Overseas players selected for the Malta squad, plus two
            other members who were playing under another flag. Overseas played against
            Nottingham Select on the 24th September, and we were the only side to
            register a win over them. We also played against Mendip Acorns on the 15th
            October, and in this game we were narrowly beaten. Both these touring sides
            contained county players.
          </p>

          <table class="match-results match-results-cricket">
            <tr>
              <td>Sat 24 Sep</td>
              <td>vs</td>
              <td>Nottingham Select</td>
              <td>Won</td>
              <td>Nottingham 237-7, Overseas 241-4: Davey 119</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
              <td>Sat 15 Oct</td>
              <td>vs</td>
              <td>Mendip Acorns</td>
              <td>Lost</td>
              <td>Overseas 194, Mendip Acorns 195-3</td>
            </tr>
          </table>

          <p>
            Overseas 2nd XI played 4 matches, their opponents being the Navy (twice),
            Malta Sports Club 2nd XI, and Tal Handaq.
          </p>

          <p>
            The Malta Cricket League tour to Corfu, 22nd August to 2nd September, was
            a great success, and in spite of some very patriotic umpiring, the
            tourists managed to win 2 out of 5 games played. The touring party
            included 5 Overseas members, viz, Trevor Ricketts, Mike Newton, Dave
            Smith, Gerry Davey, and Brian Leonard. I am told that some of the tactics
            employed to ensure a home win were quite amusing though apt to spoil the
            game from a cricket point of view. However, the fact that the tour was
            enjoyable is borne out by the fact that the Overseas President, Trevor
            Ricketts, has threatened to retire in Corfu.
          </p>

          <p>
            As in all sections of 'Seas' team spirit remained high throughout what was
            possibly the penultimate season for the Cricket Section, indeed, under the
            Captaincy and example of Gerry Davey, and the Vice-Captaincy of Dave
            Walker, the spirit and standard have never been higher. With all players
            available the Overseas XI of 1977 had a very powerful look.
          </p>

          <p>
            Going back to 1973, the year Overseas became a Sports Club, in mentioning
            those members who have given a great deal to Overseas Cricket Section, on
            and off the field, to the fore would have to come Trevor Ricketts and Mike
            Newton. Trevor, as ever, the driving force behind Seas, and a prolific
            scorer of runs, was Chairman and Vice-Captain in 1973, and Captain for two
            years, 1974-75. Mike Newton, Secretary for 3 years, 1974-75 and 1977,
            Captain 1976 and Vice-Captain 1975. One member who has missed watching
            very few Overseas matches over many years is Jack Sharp. Jack, whose
            encouragement is always welcome, was elected on the Selection Committee
            for 1977. Others, always there, and who contributed a great deal to
            Overseas, to mention only a few, Ralph Daley, one of the Founder Members
            of the Cricket Section in 1965, Captain 1973; Peter Wright; Dave Taylor;
            Mike Shaw; Lew Finnis; Treasurer 1973-75; Alan Latham, Chairman 1974-75;
            Mike Caseley, Chairman 1976, Treasurer 1977; Mike Plummer <!--PAGE 171-->
            Chairman 1977, Gerry Davey, Secretary, 1976, Captain 1977 and Dave Walker,
            Vice-Captain 1976-77. My thanks to Trevor Ricketts for making available
            the Minutes, also the Section Report 1977 written by Mike Newton. Also to
            Gerry Davey for checking details and for final results and scores.
          </p>
        </section>

        <h2>Social Functions 1976/77</h2>

        <p>
          As with all sections of the Club, the Social Life suffered with the
          gradual run-down of membership, and the Social Secretary Mr. John Hughes,
          did not find it easy to keep things going.  Nevertheless, the season
          proved to be very full, and very successful. Club nights, especially on
          film nights, were well supported by members. The films, again provided by
          Jack Sharp were shown fortnightly throughout the winter months, increasing
          to one per week during March (1977) in order to raise funds for the
          proposed rugby tour to Messina. The Social Secretary attempted, to no
          avail, to get members to accept invitations to other clubs. Functions held
          during the year included a Bonfire Party &amp; Disco on the 4th November,
          1976 and a Children's Christmas Party on the 21st December, 1976. Both
          were held at the Club House and were very successful. The Children's Party
          was run efficiently by Mike Newton and Alan Latham, with Bill Wood taking
          on the vital part of Santa Claus.
        </p>

        <p>
          The Social life was livened by three successful and enjoyable Dinner
          Dances and also the main Club function of the year, the Annual Dinner
          Dance. The Cricket Section dance on the 13th November, 1976, and the
          Soccer Section dance organised by Tom Jordan, Soccer Section Social
          Secretary, on the 11th December, 1976, were both held at the Crystal
          Hotel, Bugibba, and the Rugby Section dance on the 1st March, 1977 was
          held at the Whisper Knight Club, Mosta. The Rugby Section event ended with
          an impromptu cabaret consisting of Trevor Ricketts and Bill Wood singing
          and Alex Darmanin playing the piano, followed by that nightmare of all
          Club proprietors where rugby followers are concerned, the passing around
          of a rugby ball, produced by Team Captain, Brian Charnley in preparation
          for the week-end game.  The Club Annual Dinner Dance was held at the Malta
          Sports Club on Saturday, 30th April, 1977, and was a great success enjoyed
          by 105 members and guests. The venue for the Annual Dinner Dance was
          chosen for sentimental reasons, as well as the fact that functions held
          there have always been a success. It was felt by the President and
          Committee that it would be nice to return to the place which had been our
          home for such social occasions for many years, in view of the very
          depressing fact that this could be the last to be held by the Club. The
          season ended with the usual round of parties given by or for the members
          leaving and this included Overseas Farewell 'DO' for John Hughes, also for
          Brian Charnley, Team Captain, on Thursday, 30th June, 1977.  John left
          Malta on the 23rd July, and this was the Club's loss.  Not only had he
          been Social Secretary of the Main Club for the 2 years, 1975-77, but also
          Social Secretary of the Rugby and Cricket Sections during the same period,
          plus Social Secretary for the Hockey Section in 1976/77, and he gave a
          great deal of his time and energy to ensure that all the functions he
          arranged were a success, socially and financially. John also enjoyed his
          game of rugby. Brian has been mentioned in the Rugby Section
          1976/77. Although, as Social Secretary, John Hughes was the front man, a
          great deal of credit for a successful season must be given to the Bar
          Manager, Martin Crossfield, also to James Andrews, Hon. General Treasurer,
          and who, as General Manager of Andrews Feeds, looked after the Club House
          premises on behalf of the firm, and did most of the buying and delivering
          of stock.
        </p>
      </section>
    </section>
  </body>
</html>
