<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
      xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops"
      epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/, se: https://standardebooks.org/vocab/1.0"
      xml:lang="en-GB">
  <head>
    <title>I</title>
    <link href="../css/core.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
    <link href="../css/local.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body epub:type="bodymatter z3998:fiction">
    <section id="chapter-1" epub:type="chapter">
      <section>
        <!--PAGE 002-->
        <h2 epub:type="title">Foreword by the President</h2>

        <p>
          It is my pleasure in this, my second year as President of the Overseas Rugby
          and Sports Club, to write a few words at the beginning of what I think will
          prove an extremely interesting and factual account of the life of a Club of
          which we are all very fond. Many of you who have been as fortunate as I in
          enjoying the fellowship and companionship which have always been the mark of
          the Overseas tradition, will realise how sad I feel that Overseas is now
          drawing to a close. Over the years, I have made many friends and
          acquaintances through the rugby, soccer, hockey and cricket sections, as
          well as amongst the many social members who have played a distinct role in
          supporting our club.
        </p>

        <p>
          Not least of these is my good friend, Norman Morgan. Norman was a member of
          the Club first of all in 1948 when he completed his first tour here in
          Malta. He was a rugby-playing member until 1950. He then left the island,
          only to return in 1956, when he became an even more active member of a Club
          which became his first love. In 1958, during what was to be a reformation of
          the Club, he undertook no less than three tasks, those of Honorary
          Secretary, Team Secretary and Membership Secretary. On leaving the island in
          1959, he thought his association with Overseas might be at a close, but this
          was not to be for in 1965 he returned and immediately became a member of the
          Bar Management Committee. In 1966, he was made assistant Secretary and the
          following year, became the Club's extremely active Honorary Secretary. It
          was during this year that he completely organized a magnificent rugby tour
          to Sicily. This will long be remembered by those who participated.
        </p>

        <p>
          On 11th September, 1969, Norman Morgan was awarded what was for him the
          ultimate honour by the Club - that of Honorary Life Member. Norman again
          left the island, and, following the withdrawal of the British Services from
          Malta in January, 1972, thought that this was the end of the
          Overseas. However, on his return to the island for yet another tour in 1973,
          he was pleased to see the Club functioning as strongly as ever. He again
          took up the gavel and became Secretary of Rugby and Cricket Sections, as
          well as becoming a Vice President and Membership Secretary.
        </p>

        <p>
          It was during this time that he decided to write this History of the Club and after
          5 years of heartache, toil, thousands of letters and phone calls, this
          wonderful document is the end result. It is a fitting tribute to Norman
          himself who, along with his and our dear friend, Jack Sharp, must together
          share the title of 'Mr. Overseas'. Our heartfelt thanks, Norman, for your
          hard work and efforts on our behalf.
        </p>

        <p class="signature">
          T. N. RICKETTS.
        </p>
      </section>

      <section>
        <!--PAGE 003-->
        <h2 epub:type="title">Preface</h2>

        <p>
          The Overseas Rugby and Sports Club, Malta, was formed in November, 1946. For
          27 years 'Overseas' was purely a rugby club and known as the Overseas Rugby
          Club or Overseas R.U.F.C. It was not until 1973 that 'Overseas' became a
          'Rugby and Sports Club'. Readers must keep this in mind. This history deals
          almost exclusively with rugby matters up to 1973 and therefore the Club will
          be referred to by its former name to that point.
        </p>

        <p>
          A further point to keep in mind is that no record remains of any minutes
          kept until 1954. I have been informed by Secretaries of the Club prior to
          1954 that records were in fact kept and passed on to their successors. It
          will remain a mystery. Minutes remain of one meeting held on the 27th
          November, 1954, and then another blank until minutes were kept of a meeting
          of the 6th September, 1958. Minutes have been kept, and remained in safe
          keeping of the Club, continuously since September, 1958. No copies of
          correspondence were retained until 1956. During these early years I was a
          member of Overseas from November, 1948, to March, 1950, and again from
          November, 1956, to July, 1959. This still left gaps in knowledge of the Club
          and even as I started to write this history, I searched and corresponded
          with former members, including two who were founder members in 1946. Even
          so, there are still periods when information on the Club is slight, and it
          is to be hoped that if any former members reading this history can fill in
          any blanks, he (or she) will contact me or the Overseas Club.
        </p>

        <p>
          Events in this history will be written in chronological order within the
          year they happen. On the other hand, any subject considered to be of
          sufficient importance, and which covers a number of years, I will complete
          that part of the history whilst writing about the year in which it was
          initiated. Monetary values will be written in sterling, Lsd or decimal, or
          Maltese currency, according to the system in use during the period being
          written about. Malta retained our (U.K.) pre-decimal sterling coins up to
          the 16th May, 1972, when they changed to their own decimal coins, i.e. 100
          cents to the Maltese pound. I have attempted to compile a year by year list
          of games and results, also to make a chart of all Officials and certain
          details of the Club from its inception. These are not complete, especially
          for the years before 1958/59. I have also collected team photos of Overseas
          XVs and I believe, from correspondence with ex members in an attempt to
          trace back copies, that I have a copy of a team photo for every year in
          which one was taken.
        </p>

        <p>
          Throughout this history the 'Services' are continuously mentioned and unless
          specifically stated otherwise, this refers to the British Armed Forces. This
          is obvious to anyone who has lived in Malta, but perhaps not otherwise.
        </p>
      </section>

      <section>
        <!--PAGE 004-->
        <h2 epub:type="title">Acknowledgements</h2>

        <p>
          The following gave invaluable help by providing information and/or
          photographs for this history. Period of their membership of Overseas is
          given on left with second date omitted if they are still active members.
        </p>

        <h3>Members</h3>

        <table>
          <tr>
            <td>1946-1949</td>
            <td>Mr. T.R. Lewis</td>
            <td><em>Founder Member</em></td>
          </tr>
          <tr>
            <td>1946-1948</td>
            <td>Lt. Cdr. R. Meredith, R.N. (Retd)</td>
            <td><em>Founder Member</em></td>
          </tr>
          <tr>
            <td>1947-1956</td>
            <td>Cdr. E. Hamilton-Hill, R.N. (Retd)</td>
          </tr>
          <tr>
            <td>1947-1951</td>
            <td>Mr. G. Holt</td>
          </tr>
          <tr>
            <td>1948-1952</td>
            <td>Mr. &amp; Mrs. F. Burch</td>
          </tr>
          <tr>
            <td>1948-1952</td>
            <td>Lt. Cdr. W.M. Wren, R.N. (Retd)</td>
          </tr>
          <tr>
            <td>1948-1952</td>
            <td>Mr. J. Gray</td>
          </tr>
          <tr>
            <td>1949-1951</td>
            <td>Admiral Sir Terence Lewin, First Sea Lord</td>
          </tr>
          <tr>
            <td>1949-1951</td>
            <td>Capt. J. Asbury, R.N. (Retd)</td>
          </tr>
          <tr>
            <td>1950-1953,1958-1961</td>
            <td>Mr. H.W. Polkinghorne</td>
          </tr>
          <tr>
            <td>1953-1956</td>
            <td>Mr. M. Phillips</td>
          </tr>
          <tr>
            <td>1953-1956</td>
            <td>Mr. J. Chapman</td>
          </tr>
          <tr>
            <td>1959-1962</td>
            <td>Mr. D. Isted</td>
          </tr>
          <tr>
            <td>1961-</td>
            <td>Mr. J.A. Sharp</td>
            <td><em>Life Member</em></td>
          </tr>
          <tr>
            <td>1962-1970</td>
            <td>Mr. J.P. Ratcliffe</td>
          </tr>
          <tr>
            <td>1962-1976</td>
            <td>Mr. J. Handford</td>
          </tr>
          <tr>
            <td>1964-1967</td>
            <td>Mr. E.W. Platt</td>
          </tr>
          <tr>
            <td>1964-1970</td>
            <td>Mr. B.S. Jackson</td>
          </tr>
          <tr>
            <td>1967-</td>
            <td>Mr. T.N. Ricketts</td>
            <td><em>Life Member</em></td>
          </tr>
          <tr>
            <td>1970-1971</td>
            <td>Cdr. M. Pearey, R.N.</td>
          </tr>
          <tr>
            <td>1970-</td>
            <td>Mr. D. Taylor</td>
            <td><em>Life Member</em></td>
          </tr>
          <tr>
            <td>1971-1975</td>
            <td>Mr. D. Ditcham</td>
          </tr>
          <tr>
            <td>1972-</td>
            <td>Mr. C. Fox</td>
          </tr>
          <tr>
            <td>1973-</td>
            <td>Mr. M. Newton</td>
          </tr>
          <tr>
            <td>1973-</td>
            <td>Mr. J.J. Bonner</td>
          </tr>
          <tr>
            <td>1974-1977</td>
            <td>Mr. J.A. Hughes</td>
          </tr>
          <tr>
            <td>1974-1976</td>
            <td>Mr. B. Charnley</td>
          </tr>
          <tr>
            <td>1974-</td>
            <td>Mr. D. Walker</td>
          </tr>
          <tr>
            <td>1975-</td>
            <td>Mr. E.G.C. Macpherson</td>
          </tr>
          <tr>
            <td>1975-</td>
            <td>Lt. Cdr. D. Nield</td>
          </tr>
          <tr>
            <td>1975-</td>
            <td>Mr. J. Robinson</td>
          </tr>
          <tr>
            <td>1975-</td>
            <td>Mr. C.J. Andrews</td>
          </tr>
        </table>

        <h3>Non-Members</h3>

        <ul>
          <li>
            Mr. P. Magro, Ex owner of Queen's Hall, Old College Street, Sliema, Malta
          </li>
          <li>
            Mr. C.O. Borg, Office of Inland Revenue, Valletta, Malta
          </li>
          <li>
            Messrs G.A. Cassar Trigona, M. Bonnici, A. Tortell &amp; E. Scerri of
            Telemalta Corporation, Mercury House, St. Julians, Malta
          </li>
          <li>
            Mr. A.J. Hatfield, Exiles Club (Malta) 1925-1927
          </li>
          <li>
            Mr. P.J.F. Doswell, Secretary, Exiles Club (London), Twickenham,
            Middlesex.
          </li>
          <li>
            Allied Malta Newspapers Limited, St. Paul's Street, Valletta, Malta.
          </li>
          <li>
            Royal Malta Library, Queen's Square, Valletta, Malta.
          </li>
          <li>
            Mr. D.W. Pennick, J.S.P.R.O., Malta.
          </li>
          <li>
            Mr. A.R.F. Wright, Rugby Football Union Historian, Twickenham
          </li>
          <li>
            Wing Cdr. J. Seldon (Retd), O.B.E., Hon. Secretary, Harlequin R.F.C.
          </li>
          <li>
            Cdr. J.M. Vernon, R.N. (Retd), Hon. Secretary, R.N.R.U.
          </li>
          <li>
            Cdr. R.C. Burton, R.N. (Retd), Naval Historian Branch
          </li>
          <li>
            Mr. A.J. Francis, Office Services 10, Naval Records
          </li>
          <li>
            Mr. C. Orr-Ewing, Wigton, Scotland.
          </li>
        </ul>

        <!--PAGE 005-->
        <h3>Production, Assembly and Distribution of This History</h3>

        <table>
          <tr>
            <td>Mrs. Doris Borda</td>
            <td>
              Very Special Thanks for typing, duplicating and numerous connected tasks
            </td>
          </tr>
          <tr>
            <td>Mr. &amp; Mrs. T. Ricketts, Mr. &amp; Mrs. E. Macpherson</td>
            <td>Proof Reading</td>
          </tr>
          <tr>
            <td>Mr. M. Crossfield</td>
            <td>Distribution</td>
          </tr>
          <tr>
            <td>Mr. M. Holland (Tal Handaq)</td>
            <td>Design for cover</td>
          </tr>
        </table>

        <p>
          Thanks are due also to Andrews Feeds Malta Limited for providing facilities
          for typing, duplicating, compiling, etc.  Also to Mr. J.R. Debattista for
          his help with Lux Press on the printing of photos, binding, cover, etc. and
          to Mr. C.J. Andrews for general supervision of production.
        </p>
      </section>
    </section>
  </body>
</html>
