<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/, se: https://standardebooks.org/vocab/1.0" xml:lang="en-GB">
	<head>
		<title>XXXV</title>
		<link href="../css/core.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
		<link href="../css/local.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
	</head>
	<body epub:type="bodymatter z3998:fiction">
		<section id="chapter-35" epub:type="chapter">
			

<section>
  <!--PAGE 225-->
  <h1>The Winding-Up of Overseas</h1>

  <p>
    The internal problems facing Overseas were discussed in Committee on the
    31st January, 1980. Mr. J. Sharp, Vice-President for many years, felt so
    strongly about the situation that he urged the Committee members to
    terminate Overseas' activities in grand style and with dignity rather than
    let the Club peter out through neglect. Other members, including Mr. C. Fox,
    also a Vice-President of long standing, and Mr. G. Attard, Secretary, whilst
    agreeing with Mr. Sharp's sentiments, believed that with an extra effort
    from each member of the Committee the Club would not only survive but also
    recuperate. At this stage there was still the possibility that De la Salle
    College would field a team.
  </p>

  <p>
    A further cancelled game and the ban on rugby at De la Salle College, both
    points which forced Overseas Committee once again, on the 18th February,
    1980, to discuss not only the future of Overseas, but also the very survival
    of the game in Malta. Mr. Sharp expressed the opinion that Overseas
    Committee should not make a decision on the future of the game in Malta,
    this should be taken at a meeting which all interested parties were invited
    to attend. Consequently, it was decided to call a Public Meeting of all
    interested parties to discuss the "Future of Rugby in Malta". A
    Sub-Committee was formed comprising J. Sharp, Press Adverts; D. Gribbon,
    Questionnaire; D. Schembri, Press Write-up; and G. Attard, Circular, to
    organize the proposed meeting.
  </p>

  <p>
    The Public Forum was held in the Club House on the 27th March, 1980. The
    invitation was to all those interested in playing rugby, whether experienced
    or not. In spite of an excellent press coverage, only 27 people attended. Of
    this number four were senior members of the Club, four played for
    St. Edwards, and there was a mere handful of new faces.
  </p>

  <p>
    After this meeting a renewed interest was shown by some University students
    and as a result two coaching sessions were held at the University by John
    Young, but insufficient students - three on the first occasion, and only one
    on the second - turned up. The Sevens Tournament was held in April. It was
    at this stage, the final blow for Overseas, that the Directors of Andrews
    Feeds intimated that the Marsa Wharf was due for industrial development, and
    that regretfully they would be re-occupying their premises at 21 Flagstone
    Wharf in a few months' time.
  </p>

  <p>
    The outcome of the Public Forum was discussed at the Overseas Meeting on the
    14th April, 1980. The President, Mr. Tim Agius-Ferrante, expressed the
    general opinion of the Committee in saying that, although some interest was
    shown, it was not enough to justify continuing the functioning of the
    Club. The Team Captain, Dave Schembri, was reluctant to admit that the game
    could not go on. Nevertheless, with the greatest reluctance, the Committee
    at this meeting on the 14th April, had no alternative but to recommend the
    winding-up of the Overseas Rugby and Sports Club, w.e.f., the end of the
    current season. The President accepted Mr. Fox's offer to draw up the
    necessary proposals to close down the Club.
  </p>

  <p>
    The decision to close the Club was announced publicly at the Annual Dinner
    Dance held at the Capua Court Hotel on the 2nd May, 1980. At the same time
    it was learned that the Directors of Andrews Feeds would require the return
    of the Club House almost immediately, and arrangements had to be made
    forthwith for the packing up and removal of the Club property normally kept
    there. At a later Committee Meeting it was decided to let Calypso make use
    of the Club House furniture as being on loan from Overseas.
  </p>

  <p>
    At a Committee Meeting on the 5th May, 1980, the President informed the
    Committee that regretfully he had made the decision to resign from
    Office. At the same time a letter of resignation was received from
    Vice-President D. Gribbon <!--PAGE 226--> once again, Cyril Fox stepped into
    the breach and acted as Caretaker Chairman.
  </p>

  <p>
    At a Committee Meeting held on the 13th May, 1980, Cyril Fox read out a
    prepared statement on the Winding-up of Overseas. This statement, termed
    "Overseas Rugby and Sports Club - Report on Winding-up, April, 1980", gave a
    comprehensive outline of the Club's history, the difficulties faced, and the
    reasons why the Club was being wound-up. Even at this meeting the diehards,
    including Dave Schembri and Charles Borda, momentarily gained a breathing
    space when the Caretaker Chairman said that it might not be out of place to
    recommend the deferment of the decision taken on April 14th to close the
    Club down. A new spark had renewed interest outside the Club after Sevens
    had been held on the 19th April. However, Mr. D. Alexander, Vice-President,
    more knowledgeable than most on rugby matters, described the end of season
    Sevens as a mere flash-in-the-pan. It was decided to hold a further meeting
    on the 23rd June to give Messrs. J. Young, D. Schembri and C. Borda time to
    assess the possibilities of rugby in Malta.
  </p>

  <p>
    On the 23rd June, 1980, a final discussion took place to finish the business
    of the Club in preparation for the Annual General Meeting. J. Young,
    D. Schembri and C. Borda reported that following their contacts with
    interested bodies there existed the possibility that various teams could be
    formed, including one from Calypso, but there was nothing concrete. The
    Chairman then reminded the Committee that the decision to close down
    Overseas had been taken.
  </p>

  <p>
    At a Committee Meeting on the 22nd September, 1980, it was accepted that, as
    the decision to close down Overseas had been taken, irrespective of whether
    rugby would still be played in Malta, it was the present Committee's duty to
    call an A.G.M.
  </p>

  <p>
    Important decisions made:
  </p>

  <ol>
    <li>
      The A.G.M. to be held on Friday, October, 24th, 1980, at 7 p.m. at the
      Metropole Theatre, kindly made available by the Calypso Club.
    </li>

    <li>
      The present Committee would seek nomination and re-election as Caretaker
      Committee at the A.G.M.
    </li>

    <li>
      To freeze all funds (£140) and deposit them into a suspense account under
      the control of three trustees viz., C. Fox, J. Sharp and G. Attard.
    </li>

    <li>
      The Committee agreed to present the Club's regalia (plaques and banners)
      to St. Edwards College for as long as the college continues to function.
    </li>

    <li>
      The 7-a-side Trophy is to be formally presented to St. Edwards as the
      winners of last season's competition.
    </li>
  </ol>

  <p>
    At a Committee Meeting held on the 13th October, 1980, it was decided to
    distribute the remaining Club possessions as follows:-
  </p>

  <ol>
    <li>
      Rugby balls to be kept by D. Schembri.
    </li>

    <li>
      First Aid kit to Calypso Club.
    </li>

    <li>
      Training films to the British High Commission.
    </li>

    <li>
      Remaining Club Histories to J. Young, G. Attard and Farsons Ltd.
    </li>

    <li>
      Remaining Club Ties to the three Vice-Presidents, namely, C. Fox, J. Sharp
      and D. Alexander.
    </li>

    <li>
      Club Records to be retained by G. Attard, Secretary.
    </li>
  </ol>

  <p>
    <em>It is of vital importance to have item No. 6 recorded.</em>
  </p>

  <!--PAGE 227-->
  <h2>St. Edwards College</h2>

  <p>
    At this point I would like to put on record the sustained efforts over a
    number of years, with corresponding good results, which St. Edwards College
    has given, both to support Overseas, and to promote rugby in their own right
    in Malta. I think special praise must go to Father Ferro as the driving
    force.  There is no doubt that De la Salle and St. Aloysius Colleges also
    played their part, but without the same results. If ever rugby is revived in
    Malta it will have to be with the three Colleges, the University and the
    Armed Forces as the core.
  </p>
</section>

		</section>
	</body>
</html>
