<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
      xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops"
      epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/, se: https://standardebooks.org/vocab/1.0"
      xml:lang="en-GB">
  <head>
    <title>1960/61</title>
    <link href="../css/core.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
    <link href="../css/local.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body epub:type="bodymatter z3998:non-fiction">
    <section id="chapter-6" epub:type="chapter">
      <!--PAGE 036-->
      <h2 epub:type="title">1960/61</h2>

      <p>
        Annual General Meeting, Rocky Vale, St. Julians, 10th October, 1960. The
        following officials were elected:
      </p>

      <table class="elected-officials">
        <tr>
          <th>President</th>
          <td>Lt. Col. T.G. Chambers</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <th>Hon. Secretary and Hon. Team Secretary</th>
          <td>Mr. C.V. Morris</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <th>Hon. Treasurer</th>
          <td>Mr. H.W. Polkinghorne</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <th>Hon. Fixture Secretary</th>
          <td>Mr. M.F. Kitson</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <th>Hon. Social Secretary</th>
          <td>Mr. J. George</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <th>House Manager</th>
          <td>Mr. T. Goswell</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <th>Captain</th>
          <td>Mr. F. Chapelle</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <th>Social Committee</th>
          <td>
            <ul>
              <li>Mr. J. George (Secretary)</li>
              <li>Mr. B. Headland</li>
              <li>Mr. D. Tattam</li>
              <li>Mr. C. Easter</li>
              <li>Mrs. M. Polkinghorne</li>
            </ul>
          </td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <th>Club House Committee</th>
          <td>
            <ul>
              <li>Mr. T. Goswell (Manager)</li>
              <li>Mr. W. Martin</li>
              <li>Mr. D. Isted</li>
              <li>Mr. C.A. Strickland</li>
            </ul>
          </td>
        </tr>
      </table>

      <p>
        During the meeting the Hon. Secretary, Mr. C. Vivian Morris, paid tribute to
        Major Scott Lowe who had been President of the Club for two seasons. He
        expressed the wish of all Members that Major Scott Lowe would be speedily
        returned to good health in his retirement.
      </p>

      <p>
        In November, 1960, in appreciation of his services to 'The Overseas'
        Cmdr. E. Hamilton-Hill (Retd) was made an Hon. Member of the Club for the
        1960/61 season. Commander Hamilton-Hill had been President of the Club for 9
        years, 1947 to 1956. In a letter to Mr. C.V. Morris, Cmdr. Hamilton-Hill
        commented on the number of years he had been associated with the
        Club. Indeed, over the years, as Managing Director of Rediffusion (Malta)
        Limited, he never failed to comply with a request by the Club to broadcast
        information, especially reference the A.G.M., over the rediffusion network.
      </p>

      <section id="chapter-6-1" epub:type="z3998:subchapter">
        <h3 epub:type="title">Club House - Marsa Lodge</h3>

        <p>
          At the end of the 1959/60 season, although the Club House at Gerry's Bar
          just managed to pay for itself, in spite of the high rent, the search for a
          new home began. In the close season of 1960 arrangements were being made to
          have premises at Rocky Vale, Spinola, St. Julians, as a Club
          House. Fortunately,as it turned out, these arrangements fell through. At the
          A.G.M. on the 10th October, 1960, the President, Lt. Col. T.G. Chambers,
          promised he would enquire into the possibility of having army
          premises. Immediately, Capt. John Day, Secretary Army Rugby Union (Malta)
          and Captain of the Nomads R.F.C., became actively engaged in looking for a
          suitable Club House for the Nomads/Overseas. On the 18th October, 1960,
          Lt. Col. Chambers wrote to the Overseas Hon. Secretary, Vivian Morris,
          informing him that Capt. Day had received permission to use a club room at
          Marsa (Marsa Lodge).
        </p>

        <p>
          At an Overseas Committee Meeting on the 27th October, 1960, John Day
          outlined the facilities which were available at Marsa Lodge and said he
          would arrange for furnishings and bar fittings to be installed. He pointed
          out that the Nomads would probably have some difficulty in running the Club
          themselves and thought that the General Management of the Club
          <!--PAGE 037--> and Bar could be better organized by the Overseas in view of
          their Social and Bar Committee organization. Needless to say, the Overseas
          Committee accepted the kind offer. At the same meeting it was decided that
          the running of the Bar should be undertaken by a joint Bar Committee of
          Overseas and Nomads. Messrs. B. Headland (Nomads) and S. Ward (R. Sigs) were
          elected as Associate Members of the Club House Committee to supervise Club
          Bar, particularly for mid week games. It was agreed that all money from Bar
          sales should be handed to the Hon. Treasurer and put into the Overseas
          account in Barclays. The first Bar Manager was Mr. T. Goswell.
        </p>

        <p>
          The Marsa Lodge was to be 'home' for Overseas for 11½ years, in fact until
          the British Forces withdrawal in January 1972. The formal opening of the
          Club House was on the 3rd December, 1960, when H.M.S. Ausonia beat Overseas
          17 - 0 in a practice game. The situation was ideal - a Club House within the
          playing area. As Vivian Morris printed in a rugby news letter dated the 6th
          March, 1961, the Club House quickly became the rugger centre on the
          island. The Club House consisted of a large Bar room and an equally large
          second room normally closed off from the Bar room by a sliding
          partition. This second room was used on occasions for dances and many other
          types of functions. On two sides of the building were changing rooms and
          showers which Overseas teams could use on request. It was decided that the
          Club House would be opened on a Saturday or Sunday afternoon after an
          Overseas game at the Marsa, and on request by one of the Service teams
          during the week, normally on a Wednesday. During the first season the normal
          Club Night was on a Wednesday evening when many functions were arranged to
          make it popular and going concern. From the second season onwards the normal
          Club Night was on a Thursday evening. The Nomads also held functions
          separately or in conjunction with the Overseas.
        </p>

        <p>
          The Maltese caretaker, 'George', was an army pensioner who lived in a small
          cottage behind the Club House. The Overseas 'inherited' George with the Club
          buildings and he soon became part of the Overseas. It was a little difficult
          to communicate because of language problems but we managed. The Overseas
          Committee paid him £1 a week to clean the Club rooms. In January, 1965, this
          was raised to £2 a week. After a game George was always there clearing
          glasses away from which he earned the princely sum of 2/6d. George was
          'retired' by the army in October, 1967, and consequently he was forced to
          vacate his cottage and so he had to leave us.
        </p>

        <p>
          On the 16th December, 1960, Tony Goswell resigned as Bar Manager. As a
          Flying Officer in the R.A.F. his duties often took him away from
          Malta. Mr. D. Isted became the New Bar Manager.
        </p>

        <p>
          Novel methods were used to decorate the Club rooms. On the 3rd February,
          1961, Capt. J.C. Griffiths, R.A.O.C., on behalf of the Club, wrote to
          approximately 36 well known rugby clubs in U.K., including Twickenham and
          Murrayfield, asking for any old rugby posters advertising matches to
          decorate the club room walls and give them a rugby flavour. I do not know
          what success he had. John Griffiths was co-opted onto the Bar Committee on
          the 1st February, 1961. At a Club dance held at the Marsa Lodge on the 28th
          January, 1961, the walls were gaily decorated with rugger jerseys of various
          teams on the island.
        </p>

        <!--PAGE 038-->
        <p>
          On the 11th January, 1961, the Bar Manager opened a separate Bar account at
          Barclays. However, at the end of June, 1961, the Bar and General accounts at
          Barclays were made into one. For the first season the Bar net profits were
          shared with the Nomads R.F.C. and for this purpose the Bar account was
          audited up to the 23rd March, 1961.  The net profit to each Club was £19.
        </p>

        <p>
          On the 15th June, 1961, the Overseas Committee decided that in future the
          Bar profits would be shared between Overseas and the Joint Services Rugby
          Sports Fund. The period during which the profits would be shared ran from
          the 1st October to the 31st March, i.e. the playing season.  The Overseas
          Club would make the Club room available during this period for any
          Social/Playing functions. Capt. J. Day, army representative on the Overseas
          General Committee, was the prime mover of this decision and so it must have
          been the wish of the army authorities that profits be shared in this way.
        </p>

        <p>
          On the 24th September, 1961, Lt. Col. T.G. Chambers, as Chairman Army Rugby
          (Malta), wrote to Mr. C.V. Morris, Hon. Secretary Overseas, setting out the
          conditions required for Overseas to continue to use Marsa Lodge. This
          communication was referred to as Sigs/426. Lt. Col. Chambers asked that the
          following condition be recorded in the minutes of the next Overseas A.G.M.
        </p>

        <blockquote>
          <p>
            "A formal request must be made annually on behalf of the Overseas Rugby
            Club (Malta) for the continued use of the Marsa Club House by the Overseas
            Rugby Club. The Chairman Army Rugby (Malta) will in turn approach the
            General Officer Commanding and will communicate to the Overseas Rugby Club
            the General Officer Commanding's decision. The request should be made in
            September of each year and will cover the period 1st October to 30th
            September following receipt of the request."
          </p>

          <p>
            "The first request will be due in September, 1962."
          </p>
        </blockquote>

        <p>
          Sigs/426 remained in force until the 3rd November, 1967, when the Overseas
          were allowed to use Marsa Lodge as an 'Encroachment'. More of that later.
        </p>

        <p>
          In consequence of the different method of sharing profits the
          representatives of the three Services were asked to sit on the Overseas Bar
          Management Committee in lieu of the Nomad R.F.C. representatives. These
          Service representatives were elected at the A.G.M. They were given authority
          by the Overseas full Committee to open the Club House on occasions when an
          elected member of the Bar Committee was not present for Service games.
        </p>

        <p>
          Each year, as soon as possible after the 31st March, an Extra-ordinary
          General Meeting was held to present the Bar account for the 6 months ending
          the 31st March. The Bar and General Accounts were audited for the year on
          the 30th September. On the occasion of the Bar account for the 6 months
          ending the 31st March being presented, a cheque for the Joint Services
          Sports Board's share of the net Bar profits was handed to the Secretary Army
          R.U. (Malta). The Secretary Army R.U. in turn shared this amount between the
          three Services <!--PAGE 039--> via the Joint Service Sports Board. After a
          difference of opinion between the Overseas Club and the Secretary of the
          J.S.S.B. in May, 1963, this method of payment of the Services' share of the
          profits was changed. The difference of opinion was due to the fact that the
          Secretary Army R.U. (Malta) had approached the Overseas Hon. Secretary
          before the end of the 1962/63 playing season and asked for an advance of
          approximately £40 to assist with the expenses incurred by the army rugby
          team which visited Tripoli early 1963. The Secretary J.S.S.B. objected on
          the grounds that Inter Service Sports Board had not been approached for, nor
          approved, this expenditure. All ended well, but from the 31st March, 1964
          each Service representative was presented with an individual cheque for a
          third of the J.S.S.B.'s share of the profits.
        </p>

        <p>
          From 1961/62 to 1966/67 Overseas and the J.S.S.B.  each enjoyed net Bar
          profits as follows:
        </p>

        <table>
          <tr>
            <td>1962</td><td>£104. 7s. 9d</td>
          </tr>
          <tr>
            <td>1963</td><td>£122. 18s. 8d</td>
          </tr>
          <tr>
            <td>1964</td><td>£46. 10s. 0d</td>
          </tr>
          <tr>
            <td>1965</td><td>£118. 14s. 0d</td>
          </tr>
          <tr>
            <td>1966</td><td>£75. 17s. 10d</td>
          </tr>
          <tr>
            <td>1967</td><td>£111. 5s. 0d</td>
          </tr>
        </table>

        <p>
          The drop in profit for 1964 was due to a number of reasons including an
          increase in Bar Stewards wages, small profit margin and less consumption
          (impossible). The last two mentioned reasons were remedied.
        </p>

        <p>
          During the 1961/62 season we obtained the services of Mr. Victor Dimech as a
          paid Bar Steward. Victor served the Club for 4 years before he left Malta on
          the 4th October, 1965 to live in U.K. He was succeeded as Bar Steward by Mr
          Angelo Galea who served the Club until it finally closed.  In 1964 it is
          recorded that the Steward's wage was 3/- an hour and overtime as 4/- an
          hour. It is also recorded that the hours of opening were as follows:-
          Thursday, 7.30 p.m.  (Steward 7 p.m.) – 12 midnight. If a Committee Member was
          present, and the Members present wished, The Club House could remain open
          until 1.30 a.m. After midnight the Members present had to pay a levy of not
          less than a total of 6/- to pay the Steward. Wednesday. When requested by a
          Service team, 3 p.m. to 7 p.m. Saturday, 2.30 p.m.(Steward 1.30 p.m.)  to
          7 p.m. Sunday, 4.30 p.m. to 6.30 p.m. Need I say that the Club rarely closed
          before 1.30 a.m. on a Friday morning. One of the most hilarious games played
          on a Thursday night was liar dice. How the intellectuals at this game
          managed to plan and catch an unwary member two and a half times round the
          table I do not know. I also do not know how some of the schoolmasters taught
          the next morning - I believe they had some understanding pupils.
        </p>

        <p>
          In 1964 it was estimated that something in the order of twenty fifteens made
          use of the Club House each week during the playing season. By this time the
          original furniture was worn out and sadly in need of replacement. In
          December, 1964, we purchased surplus furniture from the S.N.S.O., Naval
          Stores, Malta.
        </p>

        <p>
          With the Club House and Bar being open three or four times a week during the
          playing season and with all labour being voluntary, except for the Bar
          Steward, it is obvious that there were problems in safeguarding the bar
          takings, especially during the busy periods on Wednesday and Saturday
          afternoons. <!--PAGE 040--> Whilst Victor Dimech was the Bar Steward he
          accepted responsibility. When Angelo Galea became Steward, however, he was
          not willing to accept responsibility for the takings in the same way, and a
          new system had to be devised by Ralph McGillivray, Bar Manager (1964/66),
          and Peter Bennie, Treasurer (1965/67). Individual volunteer members of the
          Bar Committee agreed to accept responsibility for a complete week at a time,
          to look after the cash and to pay the week's bar takings into any Branch of
          the National Bank of Malta to the account of Overseas R.F.C. A special sheet
          of 'Responsibilities' and 'Bar Takings Statement' forms were devised for the
          Duty Bar Member, copies of which follow. It was agreed that this system was
          not foolproof, especially during busy periods, but if stocktakings were
          carried out thoroughly it was easier for checks to be made, and the
          systematic weekly entries and banking made life easier for the Treasurer.
        </p>

        <p>
          In September, 1967, came the first major change in conditions required for
          the Overseas to continue to use the Marsa Lodge as a Club House and this
          completely cancelled Sigs/426 which had been in force since September,
          1961. Our annual request for permission to continue using Marsa Lodge, dated
          22nd September, 1967, was sent as usual to the Secretary Army Rugby Football
          (Malta). Our letter was passed on to HQ 'Q' Branch and on the 3rd November,
          1967, we received the following reply from Mr. J.H.H. Parker of this branch.
        </p>

        <blockquote>
          <p>
            "Authority is hereby given for you to hold the Club Room at Marsa Lodge as
            an Encroachment. This will mean that in accordance with current Ministry
            of Defence instructions, you will have to pay a 'peppercorn' rent and take
            out an Insurance Policy to cover loss or damage to the building and third
            party indemnity."
          </p>
        </blockquote>

        <p>
          On the 11th January, 1968, the D.L.A. informed us that we must insure the
          building for £5,000. On the 28th January, 1968, Mr. Parker (Col. retired)
          informed Overseas that the Malta Government wished to use the large (2nd)
          room for coaching athletics between the 1st June and the 31st August, 1968,
          as a Pilot scheme for the Council of Europe. If we objected we could only
          have the encroachment for the 'Bar Room'. The Maltese Government would also
          take out an Insurance.
        </p>

        <p>
          Naturally, we agreed to the conditions required for us to hold the Club
          Rooms as an encroachment, taking out the necessary insurance. The Bar
          Manager, Mr. B. Jackson, received the encroachment (Licence) in March,
          1968. Initially, we agreed in Committee to continue to share the playing
          season bar profits with the three Services, but this decision was rescinded
          at an Extra-ordinary Meeting, attended by the three Inter Service
          Representatives; on the 23rd May, 1968. It was then agreed to cease payment
          of 50% of the playing season bar profit to the Services. Accordingly, at the
          A.G.M. on the 12th September, 1968, Rule 9 was amended to leave out
          reference to the Services and also to the Extra-ordinary Meeting which had
          previously been held in April for submission of the playing season bar
          account to members and Joint Service Rugby Representatives.
        </p>

        <p>
          Under the terms of the encroachment we could not let the Forces Driving Club
          of Malta (or similar clubs) use the Club <!--PAGE 041--> House for a
          function organized by them. They had to apply direct to the
          D.L.A. Previously we had allowed the Driving Club to use the Club House on
          certain occasions.
        </p>

        <p>
          During the summer months of 1961 (April to October) the Club House was kept
          open on Thursday evenings. Functions were arranged fortnightly although it
          is not recorded how successful they were. From 1962 to 1964 inclusive the
          Club House was closed during the summer months for varying periods and even
          when open there was a loss on the Bar. In 1965 a summer Committee was formed
          with Mr. P. Ratcliffe (Ratty), Chairman, Mr. B. Bush, Bar Manager, and
          Mr. B. Jackson, Treasurer. The Club House was kept open throughout the
          summer months and it was an unqualified success. There was a profit on the
          Bar of £31. Ben Bush was a born organizer. During the summers of 1966 and
          1967 the Club was kept open and facilities were given to the Cricket
          Section.
        </p>

        <p>
          In April, 1970, we were informed by the Lands Agent that a Service or
          Service sponsored Civilian must be responsible as a member of the Committee
          in order to sign the lease. During this same period we had the opportunity
          of signing a Licence, drafted by the Lands Agent, which would have given us
          Security of Tenure for the premises even though the lands were handed back
          to the Maltese Government. Arrangements were made for Overseas
          Hon. Secretary, Mr. T.N. Ricketts, and Treasurer, Mr. G. Sharkey, to meet
          the Lands Agent in order to sign suitable documents to gain complete control
          of the Club Rooms, although there is no record of this taking place. The
          next record was dated the 15th October, 1970, when Mr. Sharkey was asked by
          Overseas Committee to look into the matter as regards Security of
          Tenure. However, Security of Tenure or otherwise, the matter was settled in
          no uncertain terms when the British Forces temporarily withdrew from Malta
          in January, 1972. Marsa Lodge as a Club House was lost to Overseas.
        </p>

        <blockquote>
          <p class="h4">Duty Bar Member</p>

          <p>
            Duty will be for a complete week commencing at 1400 on Saturday when the
            duty member for the previous week will hand over.
          </p>

          <p class="h4">Responsibilities</p>
          <ol>
            <li>
              To be responsible for the opening and closing of the bar at the times
              decided by the Club Committee.

              <ul>
                <li>Wednesday 1630 to 1830</li>
                <li>Thursday 1930 to Midnight</li>
              </ul>

              If requested, the duty bar member may, at his own discretion, extend the
              closing time of the bar to 0100 on Friday. The duty member will be
              responsible for collecting for the barman to cover this extra time

              <ul>
                <li>Saturday 1430 to 1900</li>
              </ul>
            </li>

            <li>
              To be responsible for arranging transport home for the barman after the
              Thursday evening club night.
            </li>

            <li>
              To be responsible for organising help for the barman on Saturday and
              Wednesday during the busy hour after the games finish. This help must be
              from Club Committee Members, members <!--PAGE 042--> of the bar
              committee or Service members of the bar committee.
            </li>

            <li>
              To be responsible for all the bar takings during the week of duty. The
              arrangement with the Club Treasurer is to pay any monies taken over the
              bar into the Club account at the Bank of Malta. The paying in slip
              should be forwarded to: Mr. P. Bennie, c/o Turquand &amp; Youngs &amp;
              Co., 10, South Street, Valletta.
            </li>


            <li>
              To record all money taken during each opening of the bar in the book
              provided and kept with the cash box.
            </li>

            <li>
              To be responsible for making sure that £15 change float is always
              available at bar opening times .......... suggested break down of change
              ........ £1 of pennies; £2 of 3'd bits: £2 of 6'd pieces: £2 of
              shillings; £3 of 2/-: £2 of half crowns: £3 of 10/- notes.
            </li>

            <li>
              To be responsible for the keys of the bar, locker drawer, spirits' store
              and cash box, and to make sure that all these are secure when the bar is
              closed. Also that the stock room is secured.
              <strong>N.B.</strong> The cash box must not be left in the
              premises.
            </li>

            <li>
              To be responsible for handing over to the next duty bar member at 1400
              on Saturday the keys mentioned in paragraph 7, and also the cash box
              with £15 change float.
            </li>
          </ol>

          <p class="h4">Notes:</p>

          <p>
            Angelo, the Bar Steward, will be on the premises half an hour before
            opening time and is responsible for having the bar ready for opening. He
            leaves the premises half an hour after closing and is responsible for
            leaving the glasses clean and the bottles in crates and clear.
          </p>

          <p class="h4">Service Members of the Bar Committee</p>

          <p>
            These members are requested to help behind the bar on Wednesdays when
            necessary, and to help the duty bar member when asked to do so.
          </p>

          <cite>Copy of 'Responsibilities' sheet</cite>
        </blockquote>

        <!--PAGE 043-->
        <blockquote>
          <header role="presentation">
            <p>Overseas Rugby Football Club</p>
            <p>Bar Takings Statement</p>
          </header>

          <p>
            Period From __________ To __________
          </p>
          <p>
            Bar Manager ____________________
          </p>
          <p>
            Duty Bar Member ____________________
          </p>

          <!-- FIXME: tbody > th: text-align: left -->
          <table class="bar-takings-statement">
            <thead>
              <tr>
                <th></th>
                <th>£ s d</th>
                <th>£ s d</th>
                <th>£ s d</th>
              </tr>
            </thead>
            <tbody>
              <tr>
                <th>
                  A.) Amounts Taken Over at Beginning of Period
                </th>
                <th></th>
                <th></th>
                <th></th>
              </tr>
              <tr>
                <td>Cash Float</td>
                <td></td>
                <td></td>
                <td></td>
              </tr>
              <tr>
                <td>Notes</td>
                <td></td>
                <td></td>
                <td></td>
              </tr>
              <tr>
                <td>Coin</td>
                <td></td>
                <td></td>
                <td></td>
              </tr>
              <tr>
                <td>Cheques</td>
                <td>__________15</td>
                <td></td>
                <td></td>
              </tr>
              <tr>
                <td></td>
                <td></td>
                <td></td>
                <td></td>
              </tr>
              <tr>
                <td>Amounts owing by Members</td>
                <td>__________</td>
                <td></td>
                <td></td>
              </tr>
              <tr>
                <td></td>
                <td></td>
                <td>__________</td>
                <td></td>
              </tr>
              <tr>
                <td></td>
                <td></td>
                <td></td>
                <td>
                  £<br />
                  ==========
                </td>
              </tr>
              <tr>
                <th>B.) Income</th>
                <th></th>
                <th></th>
                <th></th>
              </tr>
              <tr>
                <td>Bar</td>
                <td></td>
                <td></td>
                <td></td>
              </tr>
              <tr>
                <td>Subscriptions</td>
                <td></td>
                <td></td>
                <td></td>
              </tr>
              <tr>
                <td>Sale of Ties</td>
                <td></td>
                <td></td>
                <td></td>
              </tr>
              <tr>
                <td>Other Items</td>
                <td></td>
                <td></td>
                <td></td>
              </tr>
              <tr>
                <td></td>
                <td></td>
                <td>__________</td>
                <td></td>
              </tr>
              <tr>
                <td></td>
                <td></td>
                <td></td>
                <td>
                  £<br />
                  ==========
                </td>
              </tr>
              <tr>
                <th>C.) Expenditure</th>
                <th></th>
                <th></th>
                <th></th>
              </tr>
              <tr>
                <td>Wages to Barmen</td>
                <td></td>
                <td></td>
                <td></td>
              </tr>
              <tr>
                <td>Sundry Cash Expenses (receipts attached)</td>
                <td></td>
                <td></td>
                <td></td>
              </tr>
              <tr>
                <td></td>
                <td></td>
                <td>__________</td>
                <td></td>
              </tr>
              <tr>
                <td></td>
                <td></td>
                <td></td>
                <td>
                  £<br />
                  ==========
                </td>
              </tr>
              <tr>
                <th>
                  D.) Amounts Carried Forward at End of Period
                </th>
                <th></th>
                <th></th>
                <th></th>
              </tr>
              <tr>
                <td>Cash Float</td>
                <td></td>
                <td></td>
                <td></td>
              </tr>
              <tr>
                <td>Notes</td>
                <td></td>
                <td></td>
                <td></td>
              </tr>
              <tr>
                <td>Coin</td>
                <td></td>
                <td></td>
                <td></td>
              </tr>
              <tr>
                <td>Cheques</td>
                <td>__________15</td>
                <td></td>
                <td></td>
              </tr>
              <tr>
                <td></td>
                <td></td>
                <td></td>
                <td></td>
              </tr>
              <tr>
                <td>Amounts owing by Members</td>
                <td></td>
                <td></td>
                <td></td>
              </tr>
              <tr>
                <td></td>
                <td></td>
                <td>__________</td>
                <td></td>
              </tr>
              <tr>
                <td></td>
                <td></td>
                <td></td>
                <td>
                  £<br />
                  ==========
                </td>
              </tr>
              <tr>
                <th>E.) Summary</th>
                <th></th>
                <th></th>
                <th></th>
              </tr>
              <tr>
                <td>Amounts taken over (a)</td>
                <td></td>
                <td></td>
                <td></td>
              </tr>
              <tr>
                <td>Income (b)</td>
                <td></td>
                <td>__________</td>
                <td></td>
              </tr>
              <tr>
                <td><em>Less:</em> Expenditure (c)</td>
                <td></td>
                <td></td>
                <td></td>
              </tr>
              <tr>
                <td><em>Less:</em> Amounts carried forward (d)</td>
                <td></td>
                <td>__________</td>
                <td></td>
              </tr>
              <tr>
                <td></td>
                <td></td>
                <td></td>
                <td>
                  £<br />
                  ==========
                </td>
              </tr>
              <tr>
                <th colspan="4">Representing:</th>
              </tr>
              <tr>
                <th>F.) Bank Lodgements</th>
                <th>Date</th>
                <th>Amount</th>
                <th></th>
              </tr>
              <tr>
                <td></td>
                <td></td>
                <td>__________</td>
                <td></td>
              </tr>
              <tr>
                <td></td>
                <td></td>
                <td></td>
                <td>
                  £<br />
                  ==========
                </td>
              </tr>
              <tr>
                <th>Distribution</th>
                <th></th>
                <th></th>
                <th></th>
              </tr>
              <tr>
                <td>
                  1 Bar Manager<br />
                  Turquand, Youngs &amp; Co.,<br />
                  10, South Street,<br />
                  Valletta.
                </td>
                <td colspan="3">
                  Signed ____________________<br />
                  Date ____________________
                </td>
              </tr>
            </tbody>
          </table>

          <cite>Copy of 'Bar Takings Statement' form</cite>
        </blockquote>

        <!--PAGE 044-->
        <h3>Playing Season 1960/61</h3>

        <p>
          In the words of Francis Chapelle, Team Captain, Overseas had quite a good
          playing record and exceeded expectations during the 1960/61 season. Viv
          Morris, Hon. Secretary and Team Secretary, said that it had been a
          successful season on and off the field.
        </p>

        <p>
          With three exceptions, games were played at the Marsa on the newly renovated
          grounds. Two games were at Ta' Qali and one away game at Hal Far. This
          season proved exceptionally hot, and lack of rain curtailed the number of
          games drastically. The first game was not until the 10th December, and the
          last was on the 11th March.
        </p>

        <p>
          The problem of getting Service teams to play on a Sunday, although always
          with us, seemed more acute in this season. Whilst it was suggested by Viv
          Morris, as the previous Fixture Secretary, at the A.G.M., that in view of
          the highly organized state of Service rugby and the difficulty of playing
          Associate or Full Service Members on a Saturday, it would be better to
          organize as many games on a Sunday as possible, this proved difficult. Frank
          Kitson, Fixture Secretary, was unable to persuade Service teams to play on a
          Sunday, although he had some hope against visiting ships. In fact, there
          were only two or three Sunday games throughout this season, and they were
          against H.M.S. Girdleness and R.N. School (Tal Handaq). I think this
          particular season stresses the difficulties Overseas faces in putting out a
          strong rugby XV without cooperation between Overseas and the Service
          teams. Having said this, I must stress that this co-operation, almost
          without exception, existed.
        </p>

        <p>
          It is of interest that Overseas played 2 games against Tal Handaq, losing
          the first 3-5 and winning the second 9-3. These games were played in good
          spirit in spite of the fact that the lads were tickled pink to suggest that
          they would get their own back for all detentions suffered. The 'Old Crocks'
          liked to get an outing in these games and this year was no exception. In the
          first game Bill Polkinghorne and Viv Morris trotted out onto the field and
          had to be almost carried off.
        </p>

        <p>
          During this season the Overseas applied to the Secretary Army R.U. (Malta)
          to take part in the Inter Service 7's Tournament. On this occasion it was
          refused.
        </p>
      </section>

      <section id="chapter-6-2" epub:type="z3998:subchapter">
        <h3 epub:type="title">Playing Record for 1960/61</h3>

        <table class="playing-record playing-record-rugby">
          <thead>
            <tr>
              <th>Played</th>
              <th>Won</th>
              <th>Drawn</th>
              <th>Lost</th>
              <th>Points For</th>
              <th>Points Against</th>
            </tr>
          </thead>
          <tbody>
            <tr>
              <td>15</td>
              <td>7</td>
              <td>0</td>
              <td>8</td>
              <td>103</td>
              <td>143</td>
            </tr>
          </tbody>
        </table>
      </section>

      <section id="chapter-6-3" epub:type="z3998:subchapter">
        <h3 epub:type="title">Social Events</h3>

        <p>
          Although end of season accounts speak of expenses for two dances during the
          1960/61 season, the minutes record plans for only one, that of the 28th
          January, 1961. This is particularly interesting because, although organized
          by the Overseas Committee, including army representatives, on the dance
          tickets the following was printed, '<em>The Army Rugby Club</em> requests
          the pleasure' etc. One must remember, that during this season only, some
          functions were combined Overseas/Nomads efforts. In fact, in an open letter
          to Club Members <!--PAGE 045--> dated the 6th March, 1961, Overseas
          Secretary, Mr. C.V. Morris, said that social events arranged during the
          season included an Overseas dance and a Combined Overseas, Forts and Nomads
          R.F.C.'s dance. I assume that the combined dance mentioned was that held on
          the 28th January, which was an unqualified success.
        </p>

        <p>
          Mr. J. George, Hon. Social Secretary, resigned on the 29th March, 1961,
          prior to leaving Malta. He was succeeded by Mr. J.C. Griffiths who made
          strenuous efforts to put Overseas on a good social footing during the summer
          months. The Club House was kept open on Thursday evenings throughout the
          close season with fortnightly functions arranged. John Griffiths himself
          left Malta in July, 1961.
        </p>
      </section>

      <section id="chapter-6-4" epub:type="z3998:subchapter">
        <h3 epub:type="title">Officials Leaving Malta</h3>

        <p>
          In July, 1961, two members who had been part of the Social life of Overseas
          for three years, Bill and May Polkinghorne, left Malta. Both gave
          unstintingly in time and effort. Bill had been Hon. Treasurer for 3 years
          1958-61, Club House/Bar Manager 1958/59, and in spite of having previously
          hung up his boots once or twice, he was the regular full back for Overseas
          in 1958/59. Bill had previously been a playing member of Overseas between
          1950-53. May had been on the Social Committee in 1958/59 and again in
          1960/61, and was the last Lady Committee Member to be elected at the A.G.M.
        </p>

        <p>
          John George left Malta in August, 1961, after being Social Secretary in
          1958/59 and again in 1960/61. In 1958/59 he organized events with very
          little financial backing and on this score he must have found it easier in
          1960/61. John was an invaluable member of any Committee and his support and
          advice was welcomed by three Hon. Secretaries. He organized much of the
          printing required by Overseas between 1958-61.
        </p>

        <!--PAGE 046-->
        <blockquote>
          <header role="presentation">
            <p>The "Overseas" Rugby Football Club</p>
            <p>Season 1960/61</p>
            <p>Application for Membership</p>
          </header>

          <p>
            To: Mr. C. Vivian Morris, Honorary Secretary, Overseas Rugby Football
            Club, 'Carson', Depiro Street, Sliema
            <span class="right">Telephone: Sliema 2892</span>
          </p>

          <p>NAME __________ SHIP/UNIT __________</p>
          <p>ADDRESS __________</p>
          <p>Phone No. at which I can be contacted __________</p>

          <ul>
            <li>
              Please enrol me as a <strong>FULL</strong> Member of the Overseas Rugby
              Football Club.  Enclosed please find 10/- (ten shillings) subscription
              for this season.
            </li>

            <li>
              Please enrol me as a <strong>TEMPORARY</strong> Member of the O.R.F.C. I
              hereby agree to pay 2/- (two shillings) for each game in which I
              participate.
            </li>

            <li>
              Please enrol me as a <strong>NON-PLAYING</strong> Member of the
              O.R.F.C. I enclose 5/- (five shillings) subscription for this year.
            </li>

            <li><strong>PLEASE STRIKE OUT THOSE WHICH DO NOT APPLY</strong></li>
          </ul>

          <ol start="2">
            <li>
              I am available to play on Saturday/Sunday subject to reasonable
              notification.
            </li>

            <li>
              My normal position is __________
              But I also play at __________
            </li>

            <li>
              In the event of the Club running a Saturday and Sunday XV, I would
              prefer to play for the __________XV.
            </li>
          </ol>

          <p>Signed: __________</p>

          <cite>Copy of a membership form for season 1960/61</cite>
        </blockquote>
      </section>
    </section>
  </body>
</html>
