<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/, se: https://standardebooks.org/vocab/1.0" xml:lang="en-GB">
	<head>
		<title>1969/70</title>
		<link href="../css/core.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
		<link href="../css/local.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
	</head>
	<body epub:type="bodymatter z3998:non-fiction">
		<section id="chapter-15" epub:type="chapter">
			<!--PAGE 084-->
			<h2 epub:type="title">1969/70</h2>
			<p>Annual General Meeting, Marsa Lodge, 11th September, 1969</p>
			<p>The following Officials were elected:</p>
			<table class="elected-officials">
				<tbody>
					<tr>
						<th scope="row">President</th>
						<td><abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr> <abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">J. P.</abbr> Ratcliffe</td>
						<td/>
					</tr>
					<tr>
						<th scope="row">Vice-Presidents</th>
						<td>
							<ul>
								<li>
									<p><abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr> <abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">J.</abbr> Christie</p>
								</li>
								<li>
									<p><abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr> <abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">F.</abbr> Kitson</p>
								</li>
								<li>
									<p><abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr> <abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">J.</abbr> Handford</p>
								</li>
								<li>
									<p><abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr> <abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">P.</abbr> Henshall</p>
								</li>
							</ul>
						</td>
						<td/>
					</tr>
					<tr>
						<th scope="row"><abbr epub:type="z3998:truncation">Hon.</abbr> Secretary</th>
						<td><abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr> <abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">T. N.</abbr> Ricketts</td>
						<td/>
					</tr>
					<tr>
						<th scope="row"><abbr epub:type="z3998:truncation">Hon.</abbr> Treasurer</th>
						<td><abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr> <abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">G.</abbr> Sharkey</td>
						<td/>
					</tr>
					<tr>
						<th scope="row"><abbr epub:type="z3998:truncation">Hon.</abbr> Social Secretary</th>
						<td><abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr> <abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">C.</abbr> Charlton</td>
						<td/>
					</tr>
					<tr>
						<th scope="row">Club House/Bar Manager</th>
						<td><abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr> <abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">R.</abbr> Daley</td>
						<td/>
					</tr>
					<tr>
						<th scope="row">Team Captain and <abbr epub:type="z3998:truncation">Hon.</abbr> Fixture Secretary</th>
						<td><abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr> <abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">P.</abbr> Miller</td>
						<td/>
					</tr>
					<tr>
						<th scope="row">Team Vice Captain</th>
						<td><abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr> <abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">E.</abbr> McClure</td>
						<td/>
					</tr>
					<tr>
						<th scope="row">Tours Secretary</th>
						<td><abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr> <abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">A.</abbr> Bragger</td>
						<td/>
					</tr>
					<tr>
						<th scope="row">Selection Committee</th>
						<td>
							<ul>
								<li>
									<p><abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr> <abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">P.</abbr> Miller</p>
								</li>
								<li>
									<p><abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr> <abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">E.</abbr> McClure</p>
								</li>
								<li>
									<p><abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr> <abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">F.</abbr> Kitson</p>
								</li>
							</ul>
						</td>
						<td>(<abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">F.</abbr> Kitson elected in Committee, 25.9.69.)</td>
					</tr>
					<tr>
						<th scope="row">Team Trainer</th>
						<td><abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr> <abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">D.</abbr> Williams</td>
						<td/>
					</tr>
					<tr>
						<th scope="row">Student Representative</th>
						<td><abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr> <abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">J.</abbr> Norris</td>
						<td/>
					</tr>
					<tr>
						<th scope="row">Inter Service Representatives</th>
						<td>
							<ul>
								<li>
									<p><abbr epub:type="z3998:truncation">Sub.</abbr> <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Lt.</abbr> <abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">J.</abbr> Miller, <abbr class="eoc" epub:type="z3998:initialism">R.N.</abbr></p>
								</li>
								<li>
									<p><abbr epub:type="z3998:truncation">Fl.</abbr> <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Lt.</abbr> <abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">L. C. V.</abbr> Hill, <abbr class="eoc" epub:type="z3998:initialism">R.A.F.</abbr></p>
								</li>
								<li>
									<p><abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Capt.</abbr> <abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">M.</abbr> Adams, Army</p>
								</li>
							</ul>
						</td>
						<td/>
					</tr>
					<tr>
						<th scope="row">Fixture Card 1969/70 printed after the start of the season<br/>
						gave Inter-Service Representatives as the following:</th>
						<td>
							<ul>
								<li>
									<p><abbr epub:type="z3998:truncation">Surg.</abbr> <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Cdr.</abbr> <abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">R.</abbr> Pearson, <abbr class="eoc" epub:type="z3998:initialism">R.N.</abbr></p>
								</li>
								<li>
									<p><abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">W.O.</abbr> <abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">W.</abbr> Thomas, Army</p>
								</li>
								<li>
									<p><abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">F/O</abbr> <abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">N.</abbr> Radcliffe, <abbr class="eoc" epub:type="z3998:initialism">R.A.F.</abbr></p>
								</li>
							</ul>
						</td>
						<td/>
					</tr>
					<tr>
						<th scope="row">Social Committee</th>
						<td>
							<ul>
								<li>
									<p><abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr> <abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">C.</abbr> Charlton (Secretary)</p>
								</li>
								<li>
									<p><abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr> <abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">M.</abbr> Farman</p>
								</li>
								<li>
									<p><abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr> <abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">J.</abbr> Why</p>
								</li>
								<li>
									<p><abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr> <abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">R.</abbr> Walker</p>
								</li>
								<li>
									<p><abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr> <abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">H.</abbr> Fudge</p>
								</li>
								<li>
									<p><abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr> <abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">D.</abbr> Davies</p>
								</li>
								<li>
									<p><abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr> <abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">B.</abbr> Lloyd</p>
								</li>
							</ul>
						</td>
						<td/>
					</tr>
					<tr>
						<th scope="row">Club Bar Helpers</th>
						<td>
							<ul>
								<li>
									<p><abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr> <abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">R.</abbr> Daley (Manager)</p>
								</li>
								<li>
									<p><abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr> <abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">B.</abbr> Jackson</p>
								</li>
								<li>
									<p><abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr> <abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">R.</abbr> Walker</p>
								</li>
								<li>
									<p><abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr> <abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">R.</abbr> Nicol</p>
								</li>
								<li>
									<p><abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr> <abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">M.</abbr> Farman</p>
								</li>
								<li>
									<p><abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr> <abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">P.</abbr> Henshall</p>
								</li>
								<li>
									<p><abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr> <abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">D.</abbr> Davies</p>
								</li>
							</ul>
						</td>
						<td/>
					</tr>
				</tbody>
			</table>
			<p>The President, <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr> <abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">J. P.</abbr> Ratcliffe, in his address thanked the three Services, placing on record the fact that without them we would have no Club House, no pitch, no referees, no opposition, no Rugby, and therefore no Overseas. In other words we would cease to exist. Over the years, since the inception of the Club, this Statement has remained mostly true, and the fact that in this situation we have remained a completely 'Civilian' Club, and I believe, the centre of Rugby in Malta, is unique. Ratty could have said that we have relied on Service personnel joining the Club as 'Civilians' for a fair percentage of our players, in varying degrees, over the years. It must be said that we have not always relied on the Services for a Club House, we have provided the occasional 'Civilian' referees, and the only non Service opposition has been the odd touring team.</p>
			<p>The President also commented on the fact that although we had heard nothing official, it was rumoured that part or the whole of the Marsa grounds may be returned to the Malta Government. This included our Club House at the Marsa. Apparently these rumours came from various press reports. This fortunately did not happen until after the withdrawal of the<!--PAGE 085--> British Services in 1972.</p>
			<p>Peter Ratcliffe resigned from office on the 27th April, 1970, after 4 years as a very popular and hard working President, and finally left Malta in July, 1970. Ratty had been a member of 'Seas since 1961. Besides his term as President, he had been Vice-President for 2 years, 1964-66, on the Selection Committee, 1965-69, and also served on the Social Committee, 1962/63. I will always remember Ratty as 'Il Magnifico Presidente' on Overseas' Tour to Messina, Sicily, in January, 1968.</p>
			<p>One must also mention Brian Jackson who left Malta in July, 1970, after being a playing member of 'Seas since 1964. Jacko was Team Captain/Team Secretary for 2 years, 1966-68, Club House/Bar Manager for 3 years, 1966-69, and for good measure served as an ordinary member of the Bar Committee, 1965/66, and the Social Committee for 3 years, 1966-69. I have already written about his prowess on the field - his record of points scored in one season for Overseas (187) has never been beaten.</p>
			<p>Ratty and Jacko were two 'Characters', the kind of people a Club revolves round and finds hard to replace.</p>
			<section id="chapter-15-1" epub:type="z3998:subchapter">
				<h3 epub:type="title">Playing Season</h3>
				<p>The playing season started on the 18th October with a game against the old enemy, the Nomads, a team formed from Army small units. Up to February, Overseas had very poor results, winning 4 games out of 16, and beating only 2 sides, Nomads (3 times) and the 1 <abbr epub:type="z3998:truncation">Lancs.</abbr> <abbr epub:type="z3998:truncation">Regt.</abbr> From February to April it was a different story, we won 7 games out of 9, including victories over the Army (Malta), John Evans XV and <abbr epub:type="z3998:initialism">H.M.S.</abbr> Hermes.</p>
				<p>The outstanding features of this season was the efforts made by <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr> <abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">A.</abbr> Bragger, Overseas Tours Secretary, and the Committee under President Peter Ratcliffe and <abbr epub:type="z3998:truncation">Hon.</abbr> Secretary, Trevor Ricketts, to take Overseas on tour and to attract tourists to Malta. Unfortunately, with little success. <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr> Bragger wrote to Clubs at Reggio and Tripoli, also Universities at Messina, Catania and Palermo, asking for home and away fixtures. Attempts were made to attract Petersham Rugby Club, Australia, via a contact in <abbr epub:type="z3998:initialism">U.K.</abbr>, Clifton <abbr epub:type="z3998:initialism">R.U.F.C.</abbr>, England, and a French team from near Paris, to tour Malta.</p>
				<p>Petersham Rugby Club was on a World Tour but it turned out that Malta was not one of their ports of call. The French team, under Philippe Dorsemain, wished to visit Malta for one week between the 20th March and the 4th April, 1970, and it would appear that difficulty in arranging accommodation in Malta, leaving little time to arrange the tour, was the main reason why it was called off. Philippe had been an Overseas player for at least 2 years, approximately 1965-67. Clifton <abbr epub:type="z3998:initialism">R.U.F.C.</abbr> showed interest in visiting Malta and it would appear that lack of communication resulted in disappointment. We actually received an invitation from Catania for Overseas to go on tour at Easter only to have to call it off through lack of support from Overseas players.</p>
				<p>In spite of all the hard work, the only team to visit Malta, as a result of arrangements made by Overseas Committee, was John<!--PAGE 086--> Evans XV from <abbr epub:type="se:compass">S.</abbr> Wales on their third tour. During their short tour, 25th to 31st March, 1970, they played against Overseas and also against the Combined Services. Once again they were accommodated in Lintorn Barracks, by kind permission of the Army (Malta) authorities. There is no record of the names of players and officials included in the party, although one must assume that they were not quite as strong as in their previous two tours as Overseas beat them 18 - 15. The Tour was a great success.</p>
				<p>The other touring teams, Army (Cyprus) who remained unbeaten during their short tour, <abbr epub:type="z3998:initialism">R.A.F.</abbr> (Cyprus), and the <abbr epub:type="z3998:initialism">R.A.F.</abbr> Training College, Cranwell, (Sleaford, <abbr epub:type="z3998:truncation">Lincs.</abbr>) were arranged by the Services.</p>
				<table>
					<thead>
						<tr>
							<th colspan="2">Touring Teams</th>
						</tr>
					</thead>
					<tbody>
						<tr>
							<td>Army (Cyprus)</td>
							<td>21st to 28th November, 1969</td>
						</tr>
						<tr>
							<td><abbr epub:type="z3998:initialism">R.A.F.</abbr> Cranwell</td>
							<td>29th December 1969, to 2nd January, 1970</td>
						</tr>
						<tr>
							<td><abbr epub:type="z3998:initialism">R.A.F.</abbr> (Cyprus)</td>
							<td>Approximately, 21st February, 1970</td>
						</tr>
						<tr>
							<td>John Evans XV</td>
							<td>26th to 31st March, 1970</td>
						</tr>
					</tbody>
				</table>
				<p>Overseas entered the Inter Service 7's on the 14th March, 1970. No record remains of the results.</p>
				<p>Several players who had been Overseas stalwarts for a number of years left Malta at the end of the season. These included John Why; Peter Henshall; Eddie McClure and Adrian Wirth. The Cup for the 'Most Improved Player' of the year was won by <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr> <abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">M.</abbr> Farman.</p>
				<table>
					<thead>
						<tr>
							<th colspan="2">OVERSEAS PLAYERS - LIST OF APPEARANCES DURING SEASON 1969/70</th>
						</tr>
					</thead>
					<tbody>
						<tr>
							<td>24</td>
							<td>Little</td>
						</tr>
						<tr>
							<td>23</td>
							<td>Kiddle</td>
						</tr>
						<tr>
							<td>22</td>
							<td>Daley</td>
						</tr>
						<tr>
							<td>20</td>
							<td>Handford</td>
						</tr>
						<tr>
							<td>19</td>
							<td>Miller</td>
						</tr>
						<tr>
							<td>18</td>
							<td>Bragger; Harris</td>
						</tr>
						<tr>
							<td>17</td>
							<td>Rice</td>
						</tr>
						<tr>
							<td>16</td>
							<td>Collinson</td>
						</tr>
						<tr>
							<td>14</td>
							<td>Ricketts; Farman</td>
						</tr>
						<tr>
							<td>13</td>
							<td>Mullis</td>
						</tr>
						<tr>
							<td>11</td>
							<td>Riley</td>
						</tr>
						<tr>
							<td>9</td>
							<td>Hynes</td>
						</tr>
						<tr>
							<td>8</td>
							<td>Symes; Duffield; Phillips; Evans</td>
						</tr>
						<tr>
							<td>7</td>
							<td>Fudge; Wirth; Haley; Coulter; McClure</td>
						</tr>
						<tr>
							<td>5</td>
							<td>Henshall</td>
						</tr>
						<tr>
							<td>4</td>
							<td>Moore; Armstrong; Norris; Pearey; Seaton</td>
						</tr>
						<tr>
							<td>3</td>
							<td>Aitken; Davies</td>
						</tr>
						<tr>
							<td>2</td>
							<td>Flatt; Why; Brook; Chadwick; Walsh; Turnbull</td>
						</tr>
						<tr>
							<td>25</td>
							<td>Players had 1 game for the Club</td>
						</tr>
					</tbody>
				</table>
			</section>
			<section id="chapter-15-2" epub:type="z3998:subchapter">
				<h3 epub:type="title">Playing Record for 1969/70</h3>
				<table class="playing-record playing-record-rugby">
					<thead>
						<tr>
							<th>Team</th>
							<th>Played</th>
							<th>Won</th>
							<th>Drawn</th>
							<th>Lost</th>
							<th>Points For</th>
							<th>Points Against</th>
						</tr>
					</thead>
					<tbody>
						<tr>
							<th scope="row">1st XV</th>
							<td>25</td>
							<td>11</td>
							<td>0</td>
							<td>14</td>
							<td>276</td>
							<td>274</td>
						</tr>
						<tr>
							<th scope="row">2nd XV</th>
							<td>2</td>
							<td>1</td>
							<td>0</td>
							<td>1</td>
							<td>9</td>
							<td>37</td>
						</tr>
					</tbody>
				</table>
			</section>
			<section id="chapter-15-3" epub:type="z3998:subchapter">
				<!--PAGE 087-->
				<h3 epub:type="title">Social Events 1969/70</h3>
				<p><abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr> <abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">T. N.</abbr> Ricketts, <abbr epub:type="z3998:truncation">Hon.</abbr> Secretary, reporting in the absence of <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr> <abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">C.</abbr> Charlton (returned to <abbr epub:type="z3998:initialism">U.K.</abbr> in July, 1970) said that the Social Life of the Club was not as successful as previous year, the exception being the Annual Dinner Dance, which he described as the 'best we have ever had'.</p>
				<p>The only other function reported was a Hot Pot organised at the Club House for John Evans party in March.</p>
				<p>The Annual Dinner Dance was held at the Marsa (<abbr epub:type="z3998:initialism">U.S.S.C.</abbr>) on the 17th April, 1970. This was a very enjoyable night, just over 100 attending. The arrangements were made by <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr> Charlton.</p>
				<p>The Club House was closed during the month of August.</p>
			</section>
		</section>
	</body>
</html>
