<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
      xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops"
      epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/, se: https://standardebooks.org/vocab/1.0"
      xml:lang="en-GB">
  <head>
    <title>1978/79</title>
    <link href="../css/core.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
    <link href="../css/local.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body epub:type="bodymatter z3998:fiction">
    <section id="chapter-32" epub:type="chapter">
      <!--PAGE 214-->
      <h2 epub:type="title">1978/79</h2>

      <p>
        Annual General Meeting, Club House, 21 Flagstone Wharf, Marsa,<br /> 21st
        September, 1978.
      </p>

      <p>
        Present 11 Members.
      </p>

      <p>
        The following Officials were elected:
      </p>

      <table class="elected-officials">
        <tr>
          <th>President</th>
          <td>J. Andrews</td>
          <td>(Left Malta May, 1979)</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <th>Vice-Presidents</th>
          <td>
            <ul>
              <li>J. Sharp</li>
              <li>C. Fox</li>
              <li>D. Alexander</li>
            </ul>
          </td>
          <td>
            (C. Fox Took over duties of Chairman as from 5th April, 1979)
          </td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <th>Hon. General Secretary</th>
          <td>F. Roberts</td>
          <td>(Left Malta March, 1979)</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <th>Hon. General Treasurer</th>
          <td> T. Agius-Ferrante</td>
          <td></td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <th>Hon. Social Secretary</th>
          <td>D. Schembri</td>
          <td></td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <th>Hon. Membership Secretary</th>
          <td>D. Schembri</td>
          <td></td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <th>Team Captain</th>
          <td>D. Schembri</td>
          <td></td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <th>Bar Manager</th>
          <td>C. Borda</td>
          <td></td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <th>Member</th>
          <td>E. Macpherson</td>
          <td>
            (Retiring Secretary, co-opted until he left Malta in October, 1978)
          </td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <th>Joint Services Representative</th>
          <td>R. Stringer</td>
          <td>(Invited to sit on committee)</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <th>Calypso Diving Club Representative</th>
          <td>D. Holt</td>
          <td></td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <th colspan="3">Members co-opted after A.G.M.</th>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <th>Hon. Assistant Secretary</th>
          <td>G. Attard</td>
          <td>
            (Co-opted January, 1979. Took over duties of General Secretary March,
            1979)
          </td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <th>Referee Representative</th>
          <td>P. Miller</td>
          <td>(Left Malta March, 1979)</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <th>Member</th>
          <td>D. Gribbon</td>
          <td></td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <th>Schools Representative</th>
          <td>C. Mock</td>
          <td>(St. Edwards College)</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <th>Schools Representative</th>
          <td>J. Taylor</td>
          <td>(De la Salle College)</td>
        </tr>
      </table>

      <p>
        At the Annual General Meeting the President, Mr. J. Andrews, recorded with
        regret the closing of the Cricket, Hockey and Soccer Sections, and noted
        that the Club name remained Overseas Rugby and Sports Club, thus leaving the
        possibility for further expansion in the future. In fact, to the end, there
        was no further expansion. As has been stated, the Calypso Diving Club did
        not become a section of Overseas although their representative sat on
        Overseas Committee and their members were Full Members of Overseas
        Club. With the closing of the sections it was accepted by members attending
        the A.G.M. that the Club should revert to its original form, i.e., no
        separate Cricket, Hockey and Soccer Sections, and that the President should
        thus chair all meetings. This was reverting Overseas to the form it took
        before the A.G.M. of the 20th September, 1973, when it was changed from a
        pure Rugby Club to a Rugby and Sports Club.  This meant a change in the Club
        Rules. In making these changes it was also taken into consideration that the
        British Services would be leaving Malta at the end of March, 1979, and thus,
        for the first time since the Club was founded, the need for the Services to
        be worded into the rules no longer existed. It was decided to up-date the
        normal Full Membership qualifications, since the Service and U.K. Based
        Civilian qualifications were hardly valid any longer. The subscriptions were
        raised from £M1-00 to £M1-50.
      </p>

      <p>
        I reproduce in full the Rules as formed at the A.G.M., 1978, and except for
        the fact that the word 'Malta' had to be taken out of the name of the Club,
        they were the Rules in use at the closure.
      </p>

      <!--PAGE 215-->
      <blockquote>
        <h4>
          Rules of the Overseas Rugby and Sports Club, Malta, G.C. - September, 1978
        </h4>

        <ol>
          <li>
            That the name of the Club be: THE OVERSEAS RUGBY AND SPORTS CLUB, MALTA.
          </li>

          <li>
            That the object of the Club is to foster a true sporting spirit on the
            island of Malta by providing facilities for:

            <ol type="a">
              <li>
                All players who wish to play for the Club.
              </li>
              <li>
                Non-playing sports enthusiasts who may support the Club and join in
                the social life.
              </li>
              <li>
                Student members, who are still in full time education, who wish to
                become <em>playing</em> members of the Club.
              </li>
            </ol>
          </li>

          <li>
            That the management of the Club shall be entrusted to a General
            Committee of such officers as shall be elected at the Annual General
            Meeting. Liaison with the representatives of the Services shall be
            effected by means of the Joint Services Representatives in each sport.
          </li>

          <li>
            That the General Committee of the Club shall consist of:

            <ul>
              <li>President</li>
              <li>Vice-Presidents</li>
              <li>Hon. General Secretary</li>
              <li>Hon. General Treasurer</li>
              <li>Bar Manager</li>
              <li>Social Secretary</li>
            </ul>

            The officers to hold office for one year and to be elected by members at
            an Annual General Meeting.
          </li>

          <li>
            That the General Committee shall have powers to fill any vacancies which
            may arise in their number during the course of the year, have full power
            to co-opt as may be found expedient, and to delegate any of its duties
            to such other committees as may be necessary.
          </li>

          <li>
            A quorum for the General Committee shall consist of one third of the
            Committee.
          </li>

          <li>
            The Annual General Meeting to be held in September and the financial year
            to end on the 31st August.
          </li>

          <li>
            Members to be given 14 days' notice of a General Meeting. Items for
            inclusion on the agenda to reach the Hon. General Secretary not later
            than seven days prior to the meeting. Extraordinary General Meetings may
            be called by ten or more members or by a majority vote of the General
            Committee.
          </li>

          <li>
            The Club cannot accept liability for any loss, accident or injury which
            may occur on the field of play or on the Club premises.
          </li>

          <li>
            That the sanction of two thirds of the number of members present and
            voting at the Annual General Meeting or Extraordinary General Meeting is
            required for the passing of any resolutions to alter the rules.
          </li>

          <li>
            Membership fees:

            <ol type="a">
              <li>Playing member: Annual subscription: £M1 . 50c</li>
              <li>Social member: Annual subscription: £M1 . 50c</li>
              <li>Student member: Annual subscription: 50c</li>
              <li>Temporary membership: 10 cents per match</li>
            </ol>

            <em>a and b only have full voting rights.</em>
          </li>

          <li>
            That these rules be placed on the Club notice board, and a copy
            forwarded to each member.
          </li>

          <li>
            That, in the event of the Club winding up, the Committee in office at
            that time should be given authority to use any surplus funds in the
            furtherance of the name of the Overseas Rugby and Sports Club, Malta,
            G.C.
          </li>

          <!--PAGE 216-->
          <li>
            New members must be proposed and seconded by existing members and
            elected by the General Committee.
          </li>

          <li>
            Membership will cease if:

            <ol type="a">
              <li>
                A member gives notice in writing to the committee to cancel his
                membership.
              </li>
              <li>
                A member fails to pay his annual subscription by 31st December and
                the committee removes his name from the list of members.
              </li>
              <li>
                A member is guilty of misconduct and in the opinion of the committee
                his membership should be cancelled.
              </li>
            </ol>
          </li>

          <li>
            Members may admit guests to the club premises. The names and addresses
            of those guests must be recorded in the visitors' book and members are
            responsible for the conduct of their guests.
          </li>

          <li>
            No entrance fee is payable for admission to the club premises either for
            members or their guests.
          </li>

          <li>
            The club premises may be open to members and their guests on any evening
            from 4.30 p.m. to 1.00 a.m., providing a committee member be present.
          </li>

          <li>
            No beer, wine or spirits will be sold to any member or guest under 16
            years of age.
          </li>
        </ol>
      </blockquote>

      <h3>Deletion of 'Malta' from Club Name</h3>

      <p>
        In November, 1978, the Maltese Government passed legislation which forbade
        the use of the word 'Malta' by clubs, publications, etc, without government
        permission. This was discussed in committee on the 2nd October, 1978, and it
        was decided to ask legal advice as to whether the word 'Malta' in the Club's
        name clashed with this legislation. On the 16th October, 1978, after
        receiving advice from Andrews Feeds' solicitor against use of the word,
        Overseas Committee decided that the rules of the Club be altered so that the
        name of the Club no longer contained the word 'Malta'. No approach was made
        to the Prime Minister's office to ask to be an exception.
      </p>

      <section>
        <h3>Rugby Section 1978/79</h3>

        <h4>Playing Season 1978/79</h4>
        <p>
          In order to give as much background to the problems facing Overseas, and
          indeed all rugby enthusiasts, Maltese and British, in their attempt to keep
          the Club alive and the game played in Malta, I will give as much detail as
          possible of the different factors involved.
        </p>

        <p>
          At the start of the playing season, including Overseas, there were still three
          major rugby sides. In order to have better fixtures and to give more people
          the chance to play rugby the Servicemen made two teams. Salerno Company 41
          Cdo, as a unit, formed one of the Service teams, whilst the other was called
          Army Elements and consisted of R.A.F., Army and Royal Marines. It would appear
          that these Service teams were not as well defined as the season progressed and
          the time came near for the Service withdrawal.
        </p>

        <p>
          The number of teams was increased by the visit to Malta of H.M. Ships
          Britannia, Alacrity, Ark Royal and Fearless in October/November, and London in
          March for the British withdrawal. With the initial increase in teams the
          season started off very well with plenty of rugby being played. Together with
          the promise of schoolboys' participation, the future looked promising.
        </p>

        <!--PAGE 217-->
        <p>
          The Overseas Committee spared no effort in not only making 1978/79 a
          successful season, but also in looking to the future by attempting to build
          up an Overseas team which would of necessity have to comprise mostly Maltese
          players. Also, everything possible was done in the effort to keep up
          interest in the schools, colleges and the Maltese Services, with the
          Overseas Team Captain acting as Liaison Officer in this field.
        </p>

        <p>
          On the 1st October Overseas placed an advert in the Sunday Times (of Malta)
          which said 'RUGBY; ANYBODY WISHING TO PLAY OR WHO IS INTERESTED TO LEARN
          PLEASE CONTACT T. AGIUS FERRANTE'. Over 30 local men turned up, and the hope
          was to maintain this interest, although training players from scratch proved
          a slow job. A number of these recruits were from the Polytechnic. On the
          10th January, 1979, it was reported that Overseas, St. Edwards, Army
          Elements, Salerno and some R.A.F. players enabled a game to be played at Marsa
          most Saturdays. On the same date it was reported that 'recently 12 Maltese
          played for Overseas'. Throughout the season, admittedly with the help of
          Service players, and the 'B' Team being boosted by a few 1st Team players,
          Overseas was able to field two teams.
        </p>

        <p>
          Every effort was made by Overseas to promote interest in the University, the
          Colleges of St. Edwards, De la Salle and St. Aloysius, and the
          Polytechnic. An approach was made to any school which showed interest,
          together with an offer of coaching. The Colleges and schools were
          represented on Overseas Committee. Unfortunately, the only college to
          successfully and continuously field a team was St. Edwards under the
          guidance of Father Ferro. Throughout the 1978/79 season, in spite of
          interest shown, De la Salle and St. Aloysius did not field a
          team. St. Edwards gave reason to believe that interest would continue to be
          shown in rugby in Malta, and they were rewarded by a number of victories
          over Overseas 'B' Team. The schoolboys team called the Minestrones,
          comprised of schoolboys being educated abroad, once again proved an
          attraction and a hope for the future. The Minestrones played over the
          Christmas and Easter holidays. A number of schoolboys were keen to play for
          Overseas and were given every encouragement.
        </p>

        <p>
          The Armed Forces of Malta played no active part in the 1978/79 season,
          although in May, 1979, Marcel Cassar, Army Rugby Representative, reported
          that he had been trying for some time to organise a Services (Malta) rugby
          team. Marcel was asked by Overseas to represent the Armed Forces on Overseas
          Committee but he was unable to accept.
        </p>

        <p>
          Two competent referees, Paul Miller (Head of referees in Malta) and Bob
          Eaton, both in the R.A.F., officiated Overseas' games until they left Malta
          early January, 1979. Both were willing to give coaching and lectures in
          schools and to those amongst the Maltese who were interested, also to run a
          referees course. Derek Holt from the Royal Marines offered his services in
          assistant coaching. When Bob Eaton left in January, Overseas Team Captain,
          David Schembri, stressed the need for referees. As the Service referees left
          Malta, the schools representative from St. Edwards, Dave Howell, offered to
          referee at least school matches. Fortunately, for the 1979/80 season, two
          competent referees joined Overseas, namely Dave Gribbon (May, 1979) and Jim
          Young (January, 1980). Jim Young was also a qualified coach. For the 1979/80
          season the Armed Forces of Malta also provided a referee.
        </p>

        <p>
          Back to the 1978/79 season. Permission having been given to Overseas by the
          Maltese authorities to use the pitch at Marsa on Thursdays for training, and
          Saturdays and Sundays for games, training started in September. No indoor
          training took place throughout the season although the Club approached both
          the Ministry of Sport and the Ministry of Education for use of one of the
          ex-British Service gymnasiums. The first game of the season, in spite of the
          ground being rock hard, was played on the 14th October against
          H.M.S. Britannia. After this game, during the social gathering of the teams
          in the Overseas Club House, the Cup for the 'Most Improved Player for
          1977/78' was presented to W. Ellul-Bonnici. Though it meant a great deal of
          work for Overseas Committee, no outstanding <!--PAGE 218--> problems arose
          during this season, and except for a period in January and February there
          were games most Saturdays or Sundays. The last game that an Overseas XV was
          ever to play against a British Service XV was on Saturday, 24th March, 1979,
          versus H.M.S. London. A memorable but sad occasion. After the British
          Services left Malta at the end of March, the rugby season came to a close
          with 2 games versus the Minestrones and St. Edwards College.
        </p>

        <p>
          Besides the games against H.M. Ships, the highlights of the season were the
          visit of the touring side, Tallywain Rugby Club, from Gwent, the 7-a-side
          Tournament, and undoubtedly the tour by 'Seas to Sicily.
        </p>

        <p>
          From all reports, the 7-a-side Tournament sponsored by Farsons, and
          organized by Overseas, was a success, even though rain and wind spoilt it
          from the spectators’ point of view. The schoolboys put up an excellent show
          though unfortunately they were picked to play against the Royal Marines 'A'
          Team, winners of the competition. Most information is to be gained from a
          newspaper report, and I quote:
        </p>

        <blockquote>
          <p>
            "A 7-a-side tournament was held at the Marsa on Saturday, December 23, at
            which six teams competed for prizes presented by Simonds Farsons Cisk
            Ltd. It was encouraging for the future of Rugby on the island to see two
            good school sides (one from St. Edwards and one made up of boys schooling
            in U.K.) and also quite a number of Maltese players.
          </p>

          <p>
            It was most unfortunate that a strong wind and a heavy rain spoilt the
            enjoyment of the spectators for the second half of the
            tournament. Nevertheless some entertaining fast Rugby was played in
            difficult conditions by the two Commando sides, the schools' teams and the
            Overseas.
          </p>

          <p>
            Due to the weather conditions the presentation of the trophies, a silver
            salver and cups to the winners, and silver coasters to the runners-up, was
            postponed until Boxing Day, when Mr. A. Tabone, Marketing Manager of
            Simonds Farsons, made the presentations at the Overseas Club. Mr. Dave
            Schembri, Captain of the Overseas, presented Mr. Tabone with an Overseas
            Club tie."
          </p>
        </blockquote>

        <p>
          From correspondence and personal contact hopes were high that 1978/79 season
          would exceed all others in the number of touring sides to visit
          Malta. Overseas Committee spared no effort or trouble in trying to attract
          the potential tourists. At one time or another Overseas Committeemen were in
          touch with no less than nine clubs who showed interest in visiting Malta,
          viz. Moseley R.F.C., SS Vecchia Roma, Sun Life Assurance Company's U.K. team
          called Wimbledon Rugby Club, British Airways Rugby Club called Treferest,
          Bedwas R.F.C., Tallywain Rugby Club, Selkirk R.F.C., John Evans XV, and
          Sicilflora Rugby Club from Milazzo. However, in spite of the hours of
          Committee work and correspondence, the records show that only Tallywain R.F.C.
          visited Malta in the 1978/79 season. For one reason or another all the
          others dropped out.
        </p>

        <p>
          Tallywain Rugby Club, from Gwent, Wales, arranged to tour Malta between the
          28th November and the 5th December. Unfortunately, their flight was delayed
          three days at Luton, and consequently they could only fit in the one game
          against Overseas on Sunday, 3rd December. Tallywain played good rugby,
          beating Overseas 23-10, although the home side was not disgraced. Jack Sharp
          (who has worn a trench alongside the rugby pitch at the Marsa running the
          line for Overseas), stated his delight that 'Seas played so well, scoring
          two tries in the 2nd half. Rugby aside, the tour was not the success hoped
          for. The opinions expressed were that the visitors were all great singers,
          but not the most social crowd, and rather "standoffish". However, the main
          thing is that Overseas appreciated the good game of rugby.
        </p>

        <p>
          The Overseas tour of Sicily, between Wednesday, 28th February, and Sunday,
          4th March, 1979, was a great success and certainly provided a boost to rugby
          in Malta. As the correspondent in the Times (of Malta) wrote, after playing
          various combinations of 41 Cdo R.M. and Overseas against each other for the
          past two months, it gave the low spirited players on the island a new lease
          of life.
        </p>

        <!--PAGE 219-->
        <p>
          There were problems, such as accommodation and the type of pitches, but they
          were all taken with a great sense of humour, and a grand time was had by all
          the touring party. If space allowed, I would quote Dave Schembri's report in
          full, it is a masterpiece of fact and humour. A good report, already
          commented on, was written in the Times by 'a correspondent' whose name was
          unknown to me, but I am told he was one of the Commandos.
        </p>

        <p>
          There were problems, as expected under the circumstances, of getting
          sufficient players to travel, but on the final count 16 players made up the
          touring party, 11 Servicemen and 5 civilians. They were ably led (perhaps
          astray according to Dave's own report) by Dave Schembri (Captain) and Derek
          Holt (Vice-Captain). It was a great effort by Dave Schembri, Derek Holt,
          Charlie Borda and Francis Roberts, and of course the whole Overseas
          Committee.
        </p>

        <p>
          The party travelled to Catania by the ferry 'Malta Express' and from there
          by train to Milazzo, which was to be their base whilst on tour, and where
          they were to meet their first opponents, Sicilflora Rugby Club. Signore
          Santino Cordraro, who was the main liaison man between the two clubs, had
          met them at Catania. The team was divided into groups and accommodated in
          three different houses, including one belonging to Signore Franco
          DeBartollo, the Milazzo President.
        </p>

        <p>   <!-- FIXME: Replace page number -->
          The first game, against Sicilflora, was played on the afternoon of Thursday,
          1st March, on a pitch, if one can call it that, consisting of grit and
          volcanic ash with large stones showing through. On first seeing this pitch,
          the players must have been as horrified as were the players of the previous
          Overseas team to visit Sicily in January, 1968 (Page 67 of The History of
          the Club). The posts consisted of metal T.V. poles. The opposition proved to
          be a weak side, with little knowledge of the game, and it was one-sided in
          'Seas' favour. Overseas won the game 54 points to nil.
        </p>

        <p>
          The tourists had two days for sightseeing and the main feature seemed to be
          a trip by hydrofoil to the volcanic island of Lipari, a distance of 10/15
          miles. A worthwhile trip as the place was very beautiful.
        </p>

        <p>
          The second match was against Clan Rugby Club of Messina at 0830 hours on
          Sunday, 4th March. This early start was caused by the problem of the Club
          having to share a pitch with a local football side who refused to let them
          use it on the Saturday afternoon as originally planned. Overseas had to be
          at Catania at 1200 hours the same day to catch the return ferry to Malta,
          and so, by the time the posts had been installed, there was only time for
          'halves' of 25 and 20 minutes. It proved altogether a different match,
          although played on the same type of gritty surface, for Clan Rugby Club were
          a bigger and better organised side than Sicilflora. For the most part the
          game was fairly even but the home side eventually won 16-6.
        </p>

        <table>
          <tr>
            <th>Sicilflora</th>
            <td>0</td>
            <th>Overseas</th>
            <td>54</td>
          </tr>
          <tr>
            <th>Clan</th>
            <td>16</td>
            <th>Overseas</th>
            <td>6</td>
          </tr>
        </table>

        <p>Touring Party:</p>
        <ul>
          <li>D. Schembri (Captain)</li>
          <li>D. Holt (Vice-Captain)</li>
          <li>N. Revert</li>
          <li>C. Borda</li>
          <li>D. Evans</li>
          <li>J. Rundle</li>
          <li>F. Roberts</li>
          <li>A. Muckle</li>
          <li>S. Mitchell</li>
          <li>M. Buffins</li>
          <li>I. Jackson</li>
          <li>T. Worth</li>
          <li>M. Sturgeon</li>
          <li>C. Dickens</li>
          <li>N. Caruana</li>
          <li>M. Hammond</li>
        </ul>
      </section>

      <!--PAGE 220-->
      <h3>Club House and Social Activities</h3>

      <p>
        The year 1978/79 proved to be the last full rugby playing season before the
        closure, and consequently to be the last year with a fairly full social
        calendar.  The initial decision to close the Club was taken in April, 1980,
        and the Club House was given up in June, 1980. During May, 1980, the last
        social event organised at Committee level was held and so I will write of
        the Club's social life up to this point.
      </p>

      <p>
        To the end, the Annual Dinner Dance was the important social event of the
        year, and the last three, all at different venues, followed the normal
        successful pattern bringing all rugby minded people on the Island together
        socially. The 1978 Annual Dinner Dance, venue Old Villa Rosa (85 attended),
        20th May, organized by Michael Newton, was not quite the last social
        function to be held before the retiring Committee Members and U.K. Based
        Teachers left Malta. The cricket "Farewell to Overseas" dance was held at
        the Marsa Sports Club on the 8th July, 1978, and the occasion was used to
        say farewell to all Overseas leavers. For the 1979 Annual Dinner Dance a
        very enjoyable evening was organized by Charles and Doris Borda, venue
        St. Thomas Tower, Marsascala, 17th March. The occasion was used to present a
        plaque to referee Paul Miller in appreciation of his services to the
        Club. Finally, the last Annual Dinner Dance to be held, again organized by
        Charles and Doris Borda, venue Capua Court Hotel (51 attended), 2nd May,
        1980, was the last social event to be organized at Committee level.
      </p>

      <p>
        The three other social occasions in 1978/79 were the functions held to say
        farewell to Ewen &amp; Margaret Macpherson and James &amp; Liz Andrews, and
        the Christmas 'Island Rugby Fancy Dress' dance held at St. George's Social
        Centre, 29th December, 1978. The latter was run as an Overseas event with
        profits going to both Overseas and Calypso Clubs. The farewell to Ewen &amp;
        Margaret was in the form of a dinner at the Astoria Hotel, on Saturday, 14th
        October, 1978, given by both Overseas and the Calypso Clubs. A farewell film
        and a farewell dinner were given in honour of James and Liz Andrews in May,
        1979. The film show was given by Jack Sharp at the offices of KRS in
        Valletta, and the dinner was at the Astoria Hotel. As a token of
        appreciation the Committee presented James with a Maltese Silver Dghaisa and
        Liz with a Mdina Glass Tray. Guests of honour at the Dinner were Dave
        Gribbon, successor to James at Andrews Feeds, and Mr. &amp; Mrs. Charles
        Pace. At this time, although leaving Malta at the end of May, James was
        still President of the Club.
      </p>

      <p>
        Every effort was made to make use of the Club House during both the winter
        rugby season and during the summer when the Calypso Club was more
        active. The Bar was run efficiently by Charles and Doris Borda, helped at
        times by a roster of volunteers. Up to Christmas 1978, Charles reported a
        successful and active season, both with the Rugby Section and with Calypso
        Sub-aqua Club Members. From then on use of the bar declined, except for film
        nights, which were well attended and most successful, and latterly with the
        BSAC lecture nights. For 1979/80 Charles reported that barwise it was not a
        good year and the bulk of sales was thanks to Calypso members. Early in the
        1978/79 season two games nights were held in the Club House. The first,
        organized by the Social Secretary, Dave Schembri, with the R.A.F., was poorly
        attended by 'Sea members. The second, organized by the Calypso Club, was a
        success.
      </p>

      <p>
        Thanks to Jack Sharp and Charles Pace, films were provided by the M.U.F.C.,
        later known as K.R.S., when the Maltese Government banned the commercial use
        of the word 'Malta, for film nights held weekly at the Club House during the
        winter months of 1978/79 and 1979/80. The same 'team' were instrumental in
        getting a pay box telephone installed in the Club. Later, after this type of
        phone proved too expensive for its limited use, an ordinary private
        telephone was installed in its stead. Costs for the latter type of phone
        were met by Andrews Feeds, in return Andrews were allowed to use it should
        the need arise. During 1978/79 structural alterations were carried out
        inside the Club House, both to provide more space and for better projection
        of films, with costs being met by <!--PAGE 221--> Andrews Feeds. The labour
        was carried out by contractor Mr. M. Agius, Club members and Andrews Feeds.
      </p>

      <p>
        The last minuted social event to be held in the Club House by Overseas,
        prior to relinquishing it, was a Social Evening on the 8th February, 1980,
        when Overseas hosted important people with whom the Club had had
        contacts. The list of guests for this occasion included such people as the
        Minister of Sport, the Directors of Andrews Feeds and the Directors of
        Simonds Farsons Cisk. Arrangements for this function were made by a
        sub-Committee consisting of Tim Agius-Ferrante, Charles Borda, and Charles
        Mock.
      </p>

      <p>
        For a number of years, due to the extension of Dockyard planning, there had
        been the threat of 20 Flagstone Wharf being demolished. In April, 1979, came
        a further threat when James Andrews, President of Overseas, but also the
        General Manager of Andrews Feeds, owners of the premises, informed Overseas
        Committee that the continued availability of the premises as a Club might be
        in the balance owing to a re-organization to be made by the Mill. James left
        Malta in May, 1979, returning to Belfast. In July, 1979, when Jack Sharp
        spoke in Committee concerning the possible disposal of the Andrews property
        at Flagstone Wharf, he paid tribute to James Andrews for his efforts, both
        in Malta and in Belfast, to ensure that it did not happen to the detriment
        of Overseas. Thanks to the efforts of both James Andrews, and his successor
        at Andrews Feeds, Dave Gribbon, Overseas retained use of Flagstone Wharf up
        to June, 1980, when the rundown to the Club Closure had started, and need
        for a Club House for Overseas no longer existed. The Calypso Diving Club had
        by this time been offered the use of the Metropole Cinema as a Club
        House. The furniture from Overseas Club House at Flagstone Wharf was given
        to the Calypso Club, ostensibly on loan.
      </p>

      <section>
        <h3>Departures from Malta</h3>

        <p>
          Inevitably, with the large numbers of Overseas players and committeemen,
          including Calypso Club members, leaving Malta in the months leading up to
          the final British Forces withdrawal in March, 1979, many left without being
          mentioned in dispatches. Besides Ewan Macpherson and James Andrews, the
          longer serving members of the Club, those leaving included Francis Roberts,
          Secretary, Derek Holt, rugby player and Calypso Representative, and Paul
          Miller, Referee's Representative. Also, in January, 1979, the President
          mentioned that Mal Hunter, Bob Eaton (Referee), Bob Lee and Steve Groom had
          regrettably left Malta. All these had given a lot of service to the Club,
          both as officials and players.
        </p>

        <h4>Ewan Macpherson</h4>

        <p>
          After 3½ years with Overseas, as a very keen rugby player and official, Ewan
          left Malta at the end of October, 1978. Ewan was also a member of the
          Calypso Diving Club, and as he said himself, he had a foot in both
          camps. The service given by Ewan to Overseas is best described by James
          Andrews in Correspondence to me. I quote:
        </p>

        <blockquote>
          <p>
            "Ewan, through his efforts, by example on the field during matches, and in
            preparation and coaching in training, did more to improve 'Overseas' rugby
            (Particularly forward play) in their last few years, than anyone. His
            contribution on the social side, linking Calypso Club with Overseas, was
            vital also."
          </p>
        </blockquote>

        <table>
          <tr>
            <th>1976/77</th>
            <td>Hon. Secretary, Rugby Section</td>
          </tr>
          <tr>
            <th>1977/78</th>
            <td>
              <ul>
                <li>Vice-President</li>
                <li>Hon. Secretary, Rugby Section</li>
                <li>Vice-Captain</li>
                <li>Selector</li>
                <li>Bar Committee</li>
              </ul>
            </td>
          </tr>
          <tr>
            <th>1978/79</th>
            <td>Committee Member</td>
          </tr>
        </table>

        <!--PAGE 222-->
        <h4>James Andrews</h4>

        <p>
          James Andrews left Malta on the 30th May, 1979, after 4 years as a rugby
          player and official with Overseas. Besides his work in keeping Flagstone
          Wharf open to Overseas as a Club House, James was a capable Team Captain and
          player, and also a very efficient President and Chairman. On leaving Malta
          James continued as President up to the A.G.M. in September, 1979, with Cyril
          Fox chairing all meetings.
        </p>

        <table>
          <tr>
            <th>1975/76</th>
            <td>Hon. Treasurer, Rugby Section</td>
          </tr>
          <tr>
            <th>1976/77</th>
            <td>
              <ul>
                <li>Hon. General Treasurer</li>
                <li>Hon. Treasurer, Rugby Section</li>
                <li>Vice-Captain</li>
                <li>Selection Committee</li>
              </ul>
            </td>
          </tr>
          <tr>
            <th>1977/78</th>
            <td>
              <ul>
                <li>Vice-President</li>
                <li>Hon. General Treasurer</li>
                <li>Hon. Treasurer, Rugby Section</li>
                <li>Fixture Secretary</li>
                <li>Team Captain</li>
                <li>Selection Committee</li>
                <li>Bar Committee</li>
              </ul>
            </td>
          </tr>
          <tr>
            <th>1978/79</th>
            <td>President</td>
          </tr>
        </table>
      </section>

      <h3>Membership</h3>

      <p>
        The last recorded Membership for 1977/78 was on the 18th April, 1978, before
        the Calypso Diving Club members increased numbers. This came to 103. For
        1978/79, with the departure of the British Services at the end of March,
        1979, it had been expected that Membership would drop
        drastically. Fortunately, as David Schembri, Membership Secretary, was able
        to report at the A.G.M. on the 27th September, 1979, the loss of members
        from Service personnel was made good by Calypso members joining Overseas. On
        this date, the Calypso Section made up 75% of the overall membership which
        stood at 92. The last ever recorded Membership of Overseas Rugby and Sports
        Club before the Closure, when the total stood at 70 paid-up Members, was on
        the 18th February, 1980.
      </p>

      <h3>Malta Cavaliers</h3>

      <p>
        On returning to U.K. late summer 1978, Trevor Ricketts, Life Member of
        Overseas, was determined to keep the ex-members of Overseas together, and in
        some way keep the memory of the Club alive. At the Annual General Meeting,
        27th September, 1979, the Chairman, Cyril Fox, reported that Trevor had
        revived the old Overseas Cricket XI as the Malta Cavaliers. The Cavaliers
        meet for approximately one week each year in late summer when a short Tour
        is undertaken. The Tour in 1980 was made to Hampshire where they played 4
        games. During this tour, on behalf of the Overseas Rugby and Sports Club,
        Cyril Fox presented the Cavaliers with a cheque for £50 from the Overseas
        funds.
      </p>
    </section>
  </body>
</html>
