<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
      xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops"
      epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/, se: https://standardebooks.org/vocab/1.0"
      xml:lang="en-GB">
  <head>
    <title>1979/80</title>
    <link href="../css/core.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
    <link href="../css/local.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body epub:type="bodymatter z3998:fiction">
    <section id="chapter-33" epub:type="chapter">
      <!--PAGE 223-->
      <h2 epub:type="title">1979/80</h2>

      <p>
        Annual General Meeting, Club House, 21 Flagstone Wharf, Marsa, 27th
        September, 1979.
      </p>

      <p>
        Present 17 Members.
      </p>

      <p>
        The A.G.M. opened with Caretaker President, Mr. C. Fox, acting on behalf of
        the President, Mr. J. Andrews, absent in U.K.
      </p>

      <p>
        At this A.G.M. it was decided that the privilege of being President should
        be extended to one of our Maltese Members who has given service to the Club,
        and that as far as possible the activities of the Club should be run by the
        young Maltese Members.
      </p>

      <p>
        The following Officials were elected:
      </p>

      <table class="elected-officials">
        <tr>
          <th>President</th>
          <td>T. Agius-Ferrante</td>
          <td>(Resigned May, 1980)</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <th>Vice-Presidents</th>
          <td>
            <ul>
              <li>J. Sharp</li>
              <li>C. Fox</li>
              <li>D. Alexander</li>
              <li>D. Gribbon</li>
            </ul>
          </td>
          <td>(C. Fox Took over duties of Chairman as from 13th May, 1980)</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <th>Hon. Secretary</th>
          <td>G. Attard</td>
          <td></td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <th>Hon. Treasurer</th>
          <td>T. Agius-Ferrante</td>
          <td></td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <th>Hon. Social Secretary</th>
          <td>J. Taylor</td>
          <td></td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <th>Hon. Membership Secretary</th>
          <td>D. Schembri</td>
          <td></td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <th>Team Captain</th>
          <td>D. Schembri</td>
          <td></td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <th>Bar Manager</th>
          <td>C. Borda</td>
          <td></td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <th>Schools Representative</th>
          <td>C. Mock</td>
          <td></td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <th>Armed Forces Representative</th>
          <td>M. Cassar</td>
          <td></td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <th>Calypso Club Representative</th>
          <td>L. Vella Brincat</td>
          <td>(Elected by Calypso Club)</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <th>Referee Representative</th>
          <td>J. Young</td>
          <td>(Co-opted 31st January, 1980)</td>
        </tr>
      </table>

      <section>
        <h3>Rugby Section 1979/80</h3>

        <h4>Playing Season 1979/80</h4>

        <p>
          The rugby season of 1979/80 in fact turned out to be the last season in
          which an Overseas XV took to the field. Inevitably it proved, after the
          British Forces left Malta, in spite of valiant efforts to keep the game
          going, there were too many insurmountable problems for rugby to continue in
          Malta. The first crack appeared in Committee on the 31st January, 1980, and
          so, first, I will complete the history to this point. From the 31st January
          decisions made in Committee gradually planned the Club's Winding-up and then
          Closure, and in spite of these decisions, a rearguard action was fought by
          the few rugby enthusiasts to save the game in Malta.
        </p>

        <p>
          In April, 1979, after the British Forces pulled out, Overseas Secretary,
          George Attard, reported that within the Club there was a strong
          determination to carry on, although the immediate problem was the almost
          complete lack of referees. This problem was fortunately remedied. In May,
          1979, the President, Mr. J. Andrews, said it was very difficult to put one
          completely in the picture as circumstances were changing so quickly. One
          minute one felt pessimistic about the future of rugby in Malta, and the
          next, one could be very optimistic.  In June, 1979, George Attard again
          reported that the members were looking to the future.
        </p>

        <p>
          The reason for this optimism was the belief that a number of teams would be
          formed to provide opposition. There was the strong possibility that the
          Armed Forces of Malta would form one or two teams under the guidance of
          Marcel Cassar, the Army Representative. St. Edwards College and De La Salle
          College were keen <!--PAGE 224--> to provide opposition. It was even
          mentioned that the little town of Senglea would form a team. In May, 1979,
          the Kuwait Rugby Team had contacted Mr. Charles Bezzina, the Minister of
          Sport, showing interest in a tour to Malta in November, 1979. With the visit
          of the Kuwait Club, Overseas hoped to encourage other teams to tour in Malta
          and so organize a Tournament. The Minister of Sport agreed to help, to
          provide free transport and accommodation at reduced prices, as long as
          Overseas saw to the overall organization. The President expressed his belief
          that, knowing the enthusiasm of Tim Agius-Ferrante, George Attard, David
          Schembri and Charles Borda, there would be good rugby during the 1979/80
          season.
        </p>

        <p>
          Early in the 1979/80 season Overseas players made use of the old R.A.F. gym
          at Luqa for indoor training. With permission from the Minister of Sport,
          Overseas again used the Marsa pitch. The rugby season started for Overseas
          on the 20th October with a game against the Armed Forces of Malta (No. 3
          Battery) which Overseas won by 14 points to nil. Unfortunately, after this
          game, due to changes within the Force itself, the Army could not again field
          a team. Then the main blow fell. On the 25th October, 1979, torrential rain
          fell on Malta, flooding the Marsa pitch and covering it with four or five
          inches of mud. There was hope that with the use of a spiked roller the pitch
          could be saved, but even so, at the time it was not available for
          matches. The Marsa grounds were expected to be out of use for a number of
          months. Through the kindness of Colonel Spiteri, Commanding Officer of the
          Armed Forces of Malta, the Safi pitch was made available for Overseas
          games. Overseas then played two games against St. Edwards College, losing
          both, the first by 16 points to nil, and even having to borrow players from
          St. Edwards to field a team in the second. The final game played by an
          Overseas XV was over the Christmas (1979) period when they beat a Minestrone
          team by 30 points to 10.
        </p>

        <p>
          The Kuwait Rugby Club was unable to tour Malta and so the November
          Tournament had to be cancelled. Of the other potential teams, De la Salle
          College did not play any game against Overseas, and there was no further
          word of Senglea forming a team. Early in the season, a serious injury to one
          of the De la Salle players caused the College to ban rugby. From this it can
          be seen that the main problem for Overseas was lack of opposition, and, as a
          consequence, diminishing interest among the players. It was also found that
          Safi was remote, there were transport difficulties, players failed to turn
          out, and matches had to be cancelled at short notice. One must also remember
          that, on top of the problems of fielding a team, the future of Overseas Club
          House, the focal point for rugby on the Island, hung in the balance.
        </p>

        <p>
          The season ended on the 19th April, 1980, when a 7-a-side Tournament, won by
          St. Edwards College, was held at Safi. 5 teams competed, Overseas (2),
          St. Edwards (2), and the Minestrones.
        </p>
      </section>
    </section>
  </body>
</html>
