<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/, se: https://standardebooks.org/vocab/1.0" xml:lang="en-GB">
	<head>
		<title>1953 - 58</title>
		<link href="../css/core.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
		<link href="../css/local.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
	</head>
	<body epub:type="bodymatter z3998:non-fiction">
		<section id="chapter-3" epub:type="chapter">
			<!--PAGE 020-->
			<h2 epub:type="title">1953 - 58</h2>
			<p>Due more to circumstances than any desire for change on the part of succeeding Overseas Committees, 1952 seemed to be the end of an era for the Club. Perhaps it was partly due to the fact that all of the original Committee, including the Founder Members, had now left Malta. Nevertheless, the aims and objects of the Club remained the same. This was confirmed by the notices in newspapers, and objects of the Club being presented to joining members.</p>
			<p>For information about the years, 1953 to 1956, I am indebted to Mike Phillips, Treasurer, 1953⁠–⁠56, and to John Chapman, Secretary, 1954⁠–⁠56. From 1953 to 1956 at least they did function as a Committee, although I am told that things were very informal, not many meetings took place and there is no record of any <abbr class="eoc" epub:type="z3998:initialism">A.G.M.</abbr> On the other hand, the only remaining written record of a pre 1958 Committee Meeting, is that of a meeting which took place on the 27th November, 1954. All meetings were still held at the homes of Officials, or at a “bar just off Sliema Front (Tower Road) opposite the Lotto Office”. This could be Charlie’s Bar again.</p>
			<p>At the meeting mentioned above it was confirmed that the Club colours were still navy blue and white hoops, with a second set of jerseys, colours red and white hoops. With effect from the date of the meeting, the fee for club Membership was: Playing Members, £1 per annum and 1/- per game. Non Playing Members, 10/- per annum. Present at the meeting were <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Messrs.</abbr> <abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">J.</abbr> Chapman, <abbr epub:type="z3998:truncation">Hon.</abbr> Secretary, <abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">R. W. M.</abbr> Sanderson, Captain, <abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">M.</abbr> Phillips, <abbr epub:type="z3998:truncation">Hon.</abbr> Treasurer, and <abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">T.</abbr> Clark, Committee Member.</p>
			<p>The main change during this period was the gradual decline in the number of non service members in the Club. One tries not to make a distinction between service and civilian members as ail are part of the Club, but one is forced to at times, and it will be shown that, at least in 1956, team sheets had names of players selected with their units side by side. In 1954 the only civilian members were Mike Phillips and John Chapman. When I rejoined the Club in November, 1956, I was the only civilian member. Another change which took place was a variation of the name of the Club. With Overseas playing at Ta’ Qali, it became a habit of the players to call in at the Melita Hotel, San Anton Gardens, after a game. Both John and Mike mention this fact, also the fact that the Melita Hotel played a great part in the social life of the Club during the period 1954 to 1956. Perhaps this was also true prior to 1954. I know that after 1956 the players still used the Melita Hotel for drinks after a match although, it was not part of the main social life of the Club. When the variation in the name took place it is difficult to say, both informants are vague on this point, but definitely at the start of the 1956/57 season, the Club was known as the Overseas <abbr epub:type="z3998:initialism">R.F.C.</abbr> (Melita’s). Official circulars were headed “The Overseas Rugby Football Club (The Melita’s)”, or, “Melitas, Overseas Rugby Club, Malta” and often referred to as the “Melita’s”.</p>
			<p>Although it was intended to hold an Annual General Meeting at the start of the 1956/57 season, it did not in fact take place as the Suez crisis had set things so far back. The Secretary for 1956/57, Jim Osbourne, did send a letter to players of the previous season, asking them to attend a get<!--PAGE 021--> together at Montgomery House, Floriana, on the 19th October, 1956, in order to form plans with a view to calling an <abbr class="eoc" epub:type="z3998:initialism">A.G.M.</abbr> No record remains of this get together, and possibly the Suez crisis forced its cancellation.</p>
			<p>Although Overseas was still a civilian Club in name at the beginning of the 1956/57 season, it was virtually a service side and there was no Club life. There was no Club House and no Committee. There was no <abbr epub:type="z3998:initialism">A.G.M.</abbr> to appeal to civilians, and information and enrolment forms were distributed through service channels. In fairness to Jim Osbourne, there were no other civilian members to bring into the team, and the objects and functions of the Club, as promulgated to members and units, prove that it was still a Civilian Club and not just a Service team. At the start of the 1957/58 season another civilian, Jim Swain, joined the Club. The following team sheet shows the variation in the name of the Club, make up of the team and units in which players served.</p>
			<blockquote>
				<header role="presentation">
					<p class="h4">The Overseas Rugby Football Club (The Melita’s)</p>
				</header>
				<p>The undermentioned have been selected to represent the Club against the Naval Shore Establishments <span epub:type="z3998:roman">XV</span> on Sunday, 2nd Dec 56 at Ta’ Qali kick off 1500 <abbr class="eoc" epub:type="z3998:truncation">hrs.</abbr> All players are requested to be at the pavilion by 1445 <abbr class="eoc" epub:type="z3998:truncation">hrs.</abbr></p>
				<p>Shirts will be provided by the Secretary but players are requested to provide their own shorts, boots and stockings.</p>
				<table>
					<tbody>
						<tr>
							<td><abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Capt.</abbr> Osbourne</td>
							<td>
								<abbr epub:type="z3998:initialism">R.A.P.C.</abbr>
							</td>
							<td/>
						</tr>
						<tr>
							<td colspan="3">
								<hr/>
							</td>
						</tr>
						<tr>
							<td><abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Lt.</abbr> Templeton</td>
							<td>
								<abbr epub:type="z3998:initialism">R.N.</abbr>
							</td>
							<td/>
						</tr>
						<tr>
							<td><abbr epub:type="z3998:truncation">Surg.</abbr>/<abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Lt.</abbr> Marks</td>
							<td>
								<abbr epub:type="z3998:initialism">R.N.</abbr>
							</td>
							<td>(Captain)</td>
						</tr>
						<tr>
							<td><abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Lt.</abbr> Dicketts</td>
							<td>
								<abbr epub:type="z3998:initialism">R.M.</abbr>
							</td>
							<td/>
						</tr>
						<tr>
							<td><abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">AB</abbr> Fisher</td>
							<td>
								<abbr epub:type="z3998:initialism">R.N.</abbr>
							</td>
							<td/>
						</tr>
						<tr>
							<td colspan="3">
								<hr/>
							</td>
						</tr>
						<tr>
							<td><abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Sjt.</abbr> Garrett</td>
							<td><abbr epub:type="z3998:initialism">R.</abbr> <abbr epub:type="z3998:truncation">Sigs.</abbr></td>
							<td/>
						</tr>
						<tr>
							<td><abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr> Morgan</td>
							<td>Dingli</td>
							<td/>
						</tr>
						<tr>
							<td colspan="3">
								<hr/>
							</td>
						</tr>
						<tr>
							<td><abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">WO</abbr> <span epub:type="z3998:roman">II</span> Hughes</td>
							<td>
								<abbr epub:type="z3998:initialism">R.A.P.C.</abbr>
							</td>
							<td/>
						</tr>
						<tr>
							<td><abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Capt.</abbr> Ross</td>
							<td>
								<abbr epub:type="z3998:initialism">R.A.M.C.</abbr>
							</td>
							<td/>
						</tr>
						<tr>
							<td><abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Cpl.</abbr> Graham</td>
							<td>
								<abbr epub:type="z3998:acronym">REME</abbr>
							</td>
							<td/>
						</tr>
						<tr>
							<td><abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Capt.</abbr> Musto</td>
							<td>
								<abbr epub:type="z3998:initialism">R.M.</abbr>
							</td>
							<td/>
						</tr>
						<tr>
							<td><abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Capt.</abbr> Bobby</td>
							<td>
								<abbr epub:type="z3998:acronym">REME</abbr>
							</td>
							<td/>
						</tr>
						<tr>
							<td><abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Cpl.</abbr> Parish</td>
							<td>
								<abbr epub:type="z3998:initialism">R.A.P.C.</abbr>
							</td>
							<td/>
						</tr>
						<tr>
							<td><abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Sjt.</abbr> Gray</td>
							<td>
								<abbr epub:type="z3998:initialism">R.M.</abbr>
							</td>
							<td/>
						</tr>
						<tr>
							<td><abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Lt.</abbr> Gardner</td>
							<td>
								<abbr epub:type="z3998:initialism">R.M.</abbr>
							</td>
							<td/>
						</tr>
					</tbody>
				</table>
				<p>Personnel unable to play are requested to inform the Secretary by return post or by telephone. It would be appreciated if those willing to play would also confirm to the Secretary. The Secretary can be contacted as under:</p>
				<ul>
					<li>
						<p>Command Pay Office Floriana Telephone Fortress 191 (Between 0800 <abbr epub:type="z3998:truncation">hrs.</abbr> and 1330 <abbr epub:type="z3998:truncation">hrs.</abbr>)</p>
					</li>
					<li>
						<p>25 Buskett Road, Rabat. Telephone Rabat 147 (out of office hours)</p>
					</li>
				</ul>
				<p>(<abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">A. J.</abbr> Osbourne), <abbr epub:type="z3998:truncation">Hon.</abbr> <abbr epub:type="z3998:truncation">Sec.</abbr>, Overseas Rugby Football Club</p>
			</blockquote>
			<!--PAGE 022-->
			<section id="chapter-3-1" epub:type="z3998:subchapter">
				<h3 epub:type="title">Notice Inserted in Newspaper, 1954</h3>
				<p>The following notice was inserted in the Times of Malta on the 15th October, 1954:</p>
				<blockquote>
					<header role="presentation">
						<p class="h4">Overseas <abbr epub:type="z3998:initialism">R.F.C.</abbr></p>
					</header>
					<p>The Overseas Rugby Club in Malta exists mainly for the benefit of <abbr epub:type="z3998:initialism">U.K.</abbr> based Service and Civilian members of units, ships, <abbr>etc.</abbr> unable to form a <span epub:type="z3998:roman">XV</span> of their own.</p>
					<p>Matches are played weekly, Saturday or Sunday, usually at Ta’ Qali.</p>
					<p>Anyone interested is invited to contact <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr> <abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">J. H.</abbr> Chapman, <abbr epub:type="z3998:truncation">Tel.</abbr> <abbr epub:type="z3998:truncation">No.</abbr> Dockyard 7276 for details, as it is hoped to start play in the very near future.</p>
					<cite><i epub:type="se:name.publication.periodical">Times of Malta</i><br/>
					15th October, 1954</cite>
				</blockquote>
			</section>
			<section id="chapter-3-2" epub:type="z3998:subchapter">
				<h3 epub:type="title">Objects and Membership, 1956</h3>
				<p>The following information was given to all members and prospective members at the beginning of the 1956/57 season:</p>
				<blockquote>
					<p>The object of the Club is to help foster the true “Rugger” spirit on the island by providing facilities for:</p>
					<ol type="a">
						<li>
							<p>All Service and Civilian Rugger players who are unable to play for any other Rugger team, <abbr epub:type="z3998:initialism">i.e.</abbr> Members of Units unable to field a side.</p>
						</li>
						<li>
							<p>All Service and Civilian Rugger players, who, although committed to play for a unit during the week, wish to play “Club” rugger over the weekend.</p>
						</li>
						<li>
							<p>Non-playing rugger enthusiasts who may support the club and join in its social life.</p>
						</li>
						<li>
							<p>It is appreciated of course, that in the case of (b) above, the Service units have first call on their players.</p>
						</li>
						<li>
							<p>The Club colours are (a) navy blue and white hoops (b) red and white hoops.</p>
						</li>
					</ol>
				</blockquote>
				<p>Membership was divided into three categories:</p>
				<ol type="a">
					<li>
						<p><strong>Full Member</strong><br/>
						Annual subscription of 30/-, no match fees.<br/>
						This type of member whose subscriptions were fully paid on leaving the Club received an inscribed tankard as follows:</p> <ul><li><p>1 season’s membership: ½ pint tankard</p></li> <li><p>2 or more season’s membership: 1 pint tankard</p></li></ul>
					</li>
					<li>
						<p><strong>Associate Member</strong><br/>
						No Annual subscription, match fee 1/- per game.</p>
					</li>
					<li>
						<p><strong>Non-playing Member</strong><br/>
						Annual subscription 10/-.</p>
					</li>
				</ol>
				<p>Presenting a tankard seemed a novel way of getting members to pay subscriptions, although it would appear that the attraction was not big enough (or some members did not drink). There is a record of 8 members not paying subs for season 1955/56,<!--PAGE 023--> Expenditure on tankards at the end of the 1955/56 season was £10, <abbr epub:type="z3998:initialism">i.e.</abbr> 3 pint and 6 half pint tankards. The practice was discontinued after 1957/58 season. In later years, over different periods, tankards have been presented to leaving members, but never tied to membership subscriptions.</p>
				<p>The significant point of the above is that the object of the Club is now to provide rugby for <em>all</em> Service and Civilian players, not to “<abbr epub:type="z3998:initialism">U.K.</abbr> based only”.</p>
			</section>
			<section id="chapter-3-3" epub:type="z3998:subchapter">
				<h3 epub:type="title">Overseas on the Field, 1953⁠–⁠58</h3>
				<p>Overseas teams played through seasons 1953⁠–⁠58 with a high degree of success. Mike Phillips describes 1953⁠–⁠56 as “3 jolly good seasons” rugbywise, and this can also be said of the 1956⁠–⁠58 seasons. All games, at least during 1954⁠–⁠56 were played on a Sunday. The intention for 1956⁠–⁠58 was to play on Saturdays, with the odd game on Sundays, and if membership allowed, subject to the availability of a ground, to run both a Saturday <span epub:type="z3998:roman">XV</span> and a Sunday <span epub:type="z3998:roman">XV</span>. We did not in fact succeed in turning out two <span epub:type="z3998:roman">XV</span>s, and kept mainly to Saturday games. Complete lists of games and results for 1954/55 and 1955/56, provided by John Chapman, have been included at the back of this history. Fixtures and results for the remainder of this period are either skimpy or not available. John Chapman also provided names of a successful team for 1953/54, also a list of players selected for Overseas teams during the same period, both included in the following pages.</p>
				<p>One of the outstanding players and personalities of Overseas during the 1953⁠–⁠56 period was John Mark, the athlete who, whilst at Cambridge carried the Olympic flame into the arena for the London Olympics (1952). A highlight during a game in 1955/56 is described by John Chapman as follows: “Overseas in 1955⁠–⁠56 lost to an <abbr epub:type="z3998:initialism">R.A.F.</abbr> (Malta) representative side 14⁠–⁠3. The <abbr epub:type="z3998:initialism">R.A.F.</abbr> side wanted a trial match prior to a short tour in French North Africa. Overseas spent about 90% of the match defending their own line. Then, from a kick out John Mark deceived the <abbr epub:type="z3998:initialism">R.A.F.</abbr> with his kick direction and sped after it like a whirlwind to score a try.” Mike Phillips tells of one occasion when John Mark went over the line with 3 men hanging on to him. Perhaps something most rugby players have seen before, but a feat we always remember. Other remembered stalwarts of this era are “Doc” Taylor, Mike Aldridge, Tony Clarke, Jock Stewart and John Kirkup.</p>
				<p>In 1956/57 the first half of the season was affected by the Suez crisis and little thought was given to rugby. The rugby pitches at the Marsa were covered with tents and equipment not to mention heavy military vehicles, and the pitches were ruined. The only pitch at the Marsa which could be played on was the one nearest and parallel to the Stadium. At least one game was played on this pitch by the “Forts” whilst tents and equipment still covered the rest of the pitches. For the most part of what remained of this season all games were played at Ta’ Qali, whilst the whole of the rugby playing area at the Marsa was being re-surfaced. The first game for Overseas in the 1956/57 season was on the 2nd December against the Forts at Ta’ Qali.</p>
				<p>I personally remember seasons 1956/57 and 1957/58 with pleasure. During the first season I used to turn up for any<!--PAGE 024--> Service game played during the week with my kit, and again during the second season with Overseas Team Captain, Jim Swain, hoping teams would turn up short. We must have played for all teams on the Island, sometimes on opposite sides.</p>
				<p>During the same two seasons important changes took place regarding teams on the Island. Both changes, the formation of two new teams, the Naval Shore Establishments (Forts) and the Nomads, affected Overseas very much. They further weakened the Overseas <span epub:type="z3998:roman">XV</span> at the same time providing much needed extra opposition.</p>
			</section>
			<section id="chapter-3-4" epub:type="z3998:subchapter">
				<h3 epub:type="title">Naval Shore Establishments (The Forts) <abbr epub:type="z3998:initialism">R.F.C.</abbr></h3>
				<p>The Naval Shore Establishments (The Forts) <abbr epub:type="z3998:initialism">R.F.C.</abbr> was formed at the beginning of the 1956/57 season. Previously, all naval players without a service team had been able to play for Overseas, now their allegiance was to the Forts. All persons stationed at or attached to Naval Shore Establishments, <abbr epub:type="z3998:initialism">W/T</abbr> Stations <abbr>etc.</abbr>, excluding <abbr epub:type="z3998:initialism">H.M.S.</abbr> Falcon (Hal Far), were automatically Associate Members of the Forts. Either by representing the Forts at rugby or by subscribing the sum of 2/- to Club Funds they became Full Members.</p>
			</section>
			<section id="chapter-3-5" epub:type="z3998:subchapter">
				<h3 epub:type="title">The Nomads</h3>
				<p>At the beginning of the 1957/58 season the small army units based on Malta joined together to form a team called the Nomads, later to be called the Signets. This change did not affect Overseas quite so much as the Forts did in the previous season. The Nomads was only a team whereas the Forts formed a Club. Nevertheless, Overseas Members who played for the Nomads, or the Forts, owed their allegiance first to the Service team.</p>
			</section>
			<section id="chapter-3-6" epub:type="z3998:subchapter">
				<h3 epub:type="title">Social Activities, 1953⁠–⁠58</h3>
				<p>Between 1953 and 1956 the Melita Hotel played a great part in the social life of the Club. Not only did Overseas players stop at the Melita after a game at Ta’ Qali, but at least one successful Club dinner was held there. The only other reported social activity during this period was a combined Overseas/<abbr epub:type="z3998:initialism">E.R.A.</abbr> Rugby Ball held at the Phoenicia Hotel. This function was a success with the inevitable rugby posts, made with bamboo and paper, at each end of the ball room, with the respective club colours.</p>
				<p>Between 1956 and 1958 there was almost no social activity. First, the Suez crisis made it impossible for the first half of the 1956/57 season, and secondly, perhaps the main reason, was that being by this time virtually a Service team, the Service men had their own organised functions. The Secretary, Jim Osbourne, wrote that he would organise social functions according to demand, and this proved negative. The end of season dinner which was to have been held at the Mocambo Restaurant, St. Paul’s Bay, on the 2nd March, 1957, was cancelled due to lack of support.</p>
			</section>
			<section id="chapter-3-7" epub:type="z3998:subchapter">
				<h3 epub:type="title">Overseas Club Badge</h3>
				<p>Both John Chapman and Mike Phillips speak of a Club blazer badge which was designed by Mike and produced for the<!--PAGE 025--> Club Members in 1954/55. This was a splendidly worked badge in gold and different coloured wire thread, and made to order by an elderly Maltese lady who was renowned for similar work for Service badges. The motif depicted a rugby ball in the top left corner over “Seas” in the bottom right corner, with a thick band of blue, bordered each side by a thin white stripe (Overseas colours), going from top right to bottom left. In the middle of the seas was a Maltese Cross in Maltese national colours, one half of the cross red and the other half white.</p>
				<p>In 1975/76 this design was used to produce a wooden plaque, a photo of which is shown at the back of this history.</p>
				<blockquote>
					<header role="presentation">
						<p class="h4">Most Successful Team for Season 1953/54</p>
					</header>
					<table>
						<tbody>
							<tr>
								<th scope="row">Full Back</th>
								<td>Liddel</td>
							</tr>
							<tr>
								<th scope="row">Left Wing</th>
								<td>Chapman</td>
							</tr>
							<tr>
								<th scope="row">Left Centre</th>
								<td>Norseworthy</td>
							</tr>
							<tr>
								<th scope="row">Right Centre</th>
								<td>Hall</td>
							</tr>
							<tr>
								<th scope="row">Right Wing</th>
								<td>Blackmore</td>
							</tr>
							<tr>
								<th scope="row">Fly Half</th>
								<td>Sanderson</td>
							</tr>
							<tr>
								<th scope="row">Scrum Half</th>
								<td>Howells</td>
							</tr>
							<tr>
								<th scope="row">Right Prop</th>
								<td>Regan</td>
							</tr>
							<tr>
								<th scope="row">Hooker</th>
								<td>Claset</td>
							</tr>
							<tr>
								<th scope="row">Left Prop</th>
								<td>Phillips</td>
							</tr>
							<tr>
								<th scope="row">Second Row</th>
								<td>Fogden</td>
							</tr>
							<tr>
								<th scope="row">Second Row</th>
								<td>Commins</td>
							</tr>
							<tr>
								<th scope="row">Wing Forward (Open)</th>
								<td>Mather</td>
							</tr>
							<tr>
								<th scope="row">Lock</th>
								<td>Timms</td>
							</tr>
							<tr>
								<th scope="row">Wing Forward (Blind)</th>
								<td>Bodman or Clark</td>
							</tr>
						</tbody>
					</table>
				</blockquote>
			</section>
			<section id="chapter-3-8" epub:type="z3998:subchapter">
				<h3 epub:type="title">Players at Various Times (1953⁠–⁠56)</h3>
				<p>As given by John Chapman:</p>
				<ul>
					<li>
						<p>Robertson</p>
					</li>
					<li>
						<p>Sanderson</p>
					</li>
					<li>
						<p>Howells</p>
					</li>
					<li>
						<p>Clark</p>
					</li>
					<li>
						<p>Claset</p>
					</li>
					<li>
						<p>Fogden</p>
					</li>
					<li>
						<p>Camplin</p>
					</li>
					<li>
						<p><abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">R.</abbr> Commins,</p>
					</li>
					<li>
						<p><abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">M.</abbr> Phillips</p>
					</li>
					<li>
						<p>Evans</p>
					</li>
					<li>
						<p>Morrison</p>
					</li>
					<li>
						<p>Kirkup</p>
					</li>
					<li>
						<p>Capstick</p>
					</li>
					<li>
						<p>Allison</p>
					</li>
					<li>
						<p>Wright</p>
					</li>
					<li>
						<p><abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">P.</abbr> Aldrich,</p>
					</li>
					<li>
						<p><abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">T.</abbr> Young</p>
					</li>
					<li>
						<p>Thompson</p>
					</li>
					<li>
						<p>Cardno</p>
					</li>
					<li>
						<p><abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">M.</abbr> Bobby</p>
					</li>
					<li>
						<p><abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">J.</abbr> Osbourne</p>
					</li>
					<li>
						<p>Vallings</p>
					</li>
				</ul>
				<p>At least <abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">M.</abbr> Bobby and <abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">J.</abbr> Osbourne played in 1956⁠–⁠58.</p>
			</section>
		</section>
	</body>
</html>
