<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/, se: https://standardebooks.org/vocab/1.0" xml:lang="en-GB">
	<head>
		<title>The Winding-Up of Overseas</title>
		<link href="../css/core.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
		<link href="../css/local.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
	</head>
	<body epub:type="bodymatter z3998:non-fiction">
		<section id="chapter-28" epub:type="chapter">
			<!--PAGE 225-->
			<h2 epub:type="title">The Winding-Up of Overseas</h2>
			<p>The internal problems facing Overseas were discussed in Committee on the 31st January, 1980. <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr> <abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">J.</abbr> Sharp, Vice-President for many years, felt so strongly about the situation that he urged the Committee members to terminate Overseas' activities in grand style and with dignity rather than let the Club peter out through neglect. Other members, including <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr> <abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">C.</abbr> Fox, also a Vice-President of long standing, and <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr> <abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">G.</abbr> Attard, Secretary, whilst agreeing with <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr> Sharp's sentiments, believed that with an extra effort from each member of the Committee the Club would not only survive but also recuperate. At this stage there was still the possibility that De la Salle College would field a team.</p>
			<p>A further cancelled game and the ban on rugby at De la Salle College, both points which forced Overseas Committee once again, on the 18th February, 1980, to discuss not only the future of Overseas, but also the very survival of the game in Malta. <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr> Sharp expressed the opinion that Overseas Committee should not make a decision on the future of the game in Malta, this should be taken at a meeting which all interested parties were invited to attend. Consequently, it was decided to call a Public Meeting of all interested parties to discuss the "Future of Rugby in Malta". A Sub-Committee was formed comprising <abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">J.</abbr> Sharp, Press Adverts; <abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">D.</abbr> Gribbon, Questionnaire; <abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">D.</abbr> Schembri, Press Write-up; and <abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">G.</abbr> Attard, Circular, to organize the proposed meeting.</p>
			<p>The Public Forum was held in the Club House on the 27th March, 1980. The invitation was to all those interested in playing rugby, whether experienced or not. In spite of an excellent press coverage, only 27 people attended. Of this number four were senior members of the Club, four played for <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">St.</abbr> Edwards, and there was a mere handful of new faces.</p>
			<p>After this meeting a renewed interest was shown by some University students and as a result two coaching sessions were held at the University by John Young, but insufficient students - three on the first occasion, and only one on the second - turned up. The Sevens Tournament was held in April. It was at this stage, the final blow for Overseas, that the Directors of Andrews Feeds intimated that the Marsa Wharf was due for industrial development, and that regretfully they would be re-occupying their premises at 21 Flagstone Wharf in a few months' time.</p>
			<p>The outcome of the Public Forum was discussed at the Overseas Meeting on the 14th April, 1980. The President, <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr> Tim Agius-Ferrante, expressed the general opinion of the Committee in saying that, although some interest was shown, it was not enough to justify continuing the functioning of the Club. The Team Captain, Dave Schembri, was reluctant to admit that the game could not go on. Nevertheless, with the greatest reluctance, the Committee at this meeting on the 14th April, had no alternative but to recommend the winding-up of the Overseas Rugby and Sports Club, <abbr epub:type="z3998:initialism">w.e.f.</abbr>, the end of the current season. The President accepted <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr> Fox's offer to draw up the necessary proposals to close down the Club.</p>
			<p>The decision to close the Club was announced publicly at the Annual Dinner Dance held at the Capua Court Hotel on the 2nd May, 1980. At the same time it was learned that the Directors of Andrews Feeds would require the return of the Club House almost immediately, and arrangements had to be made forthwith for the packing up and removal of the Club property normally kept there. At a later Committee Meeting it was decided to let Calypso make use of the Club House furniture as being on loan from Overseas.</p>
			<p>At a Committee Meeting on the 5th May, 1980, the President informed the Committee that regretfully he had made the decision to resign from Office. At the same time a letter of resignation was received from Vice-President <abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">D.</abbr> Gribbon<!--PAGE 226--> once again, Cyril Fox stepped into the breach and acted as Caretaker Chairman.</p>
			<p>At a Committee Meeting held on the 13th May, 1980, Cyril Fox read out a prepared statement on the Winding-up of Overseas. This statement, termed "Overseas Rugby and Sports Club - Report on Winding-up, April, 1980", gave a comprehensive outline of the Club's history, the difficulties faced, and the reasons why the Club was being wound-up. Even at this meeting the diehards, including Dave Schembri and Charles Borda, momentarily gained a breathing space when the Caretaker Chairman said that it might not be out of place to recommend the deferment of the decision taken on April 14th to close the Club down. A new spark had renewed interest outside the Club after Sevens had been held on the 19th April. However, <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr> <abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">D.</abbr> Alexander, Vice-President, more knowledgeable than most on rugby matters, described the end of season Sevens as a mere flash-in-the-pan. It was decided to hold a further meeting on the 23rd June to give <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Messrs.</abbr> <abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">J.</abbr> Young, <abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">D.</abbr> Schembri and <abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">C.</abbr> Borda time to assess the possibilities of rugby in Malta.</p>
			<p>On the 23rd June, 1980, a final discussion took place to finish the business of the Club in preparation for the Annual General Meeting. <abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">J.</abbr> Young, <abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">D.</abbr> Schembri and <abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">C.</abbr> Borda reported that following their contacts with interested bodies there existed the possibility that various teams could be formed, including one from Calypso, but there was nothing concrete. The Chairman then reminded the Committee that the decision to close down Overseas had been taken.</p>
			<p>At a Committee Meeting on the 22nd September, 1980, it was accepted that, as the decision to close down Overseas had been taken, irrespective of whether rugby would still be played in Malta, it was the present Committee's duty to call an <abbr class="eoc" epub:type="z3998:initialism">A.G.M.</abbr></p>
			<p>Important decisions made:</p>
			<ol>
				<li>
					<p>The <abbr epub:type="z3998:initialism">A.G.M.</abbr> to be held on Friday, October, 24th, 1980, at 7 <abbr>p.m.</abbr> at the Metropole Theatre, kindly made available by the Calypso Club.</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>The present Committee would seek nomination and re-election as Caretaker Committee at the <abbr class="eoc" epub:type="z3998:initialism">A.G.M.</abbr></p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>To freeze all funds (£140) and deposit them into a suspense account under the control of three trustees <abbr>viz.</abbr>, <abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">C.</abbr> Fox, <abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">J.</abbr> Sharp and <abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">G.</abbr> Attard.</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>The Committee agreed to present the Club's regalia (plaques and banners) to <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">St.</abbr> Edwards College for as long as the college continues to function.</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>The 7-a-side Trophy is to be formally presented to <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">St.</abbr> Edwards as the winners of last season's competition.</p>
				</li>
			</ol>
			<p>At a Committee Meeting held on the 13th October, 1980, it was decided to distribute the remaining Club possessions as follows:-</p>
			<ol>
				<li>
					<p>Rugby balls to be kept by <abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">D.</abbr> Schembri.</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>First Aid kit to Calypso Club.</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>Training films to the British High Commission.</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>Remaining Club Histories to <abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">J.</abbr> Young, <abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">G.</abbr> Attard and Farsons <abbr class="eoc" epub:type="z3998:truncation">Ltd.</abbr></p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>Remaining Club Ties to the three Vice-Presidents, namely, <abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">C.</abbr> Fox, <abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">J.</abbr> Sharp and <abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">D.</abbr> Alexander.</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>Club Records to be retained by <abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">G.</abbr> Attard, Secretary.</p>
				</li>
			</ol>
			<p>
				<em>It is of vital importance to have item <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">No.</abbr> 6 recorded.</em>
			</p>
			<section id="chapter-28-1" epub:type="z3998:subchapter">
				<!--PAGE 227-->
				<h3 epub:type="title"><abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">St.</abbr> Edwards College</h3>
				<p>At this point I would like to put on record the sustained efforts over a number of years, with corresponding good results, which <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">St.</abbr> Edwards College has given, both to support Overseas, and to promote rugby in their own right in Malta. I think special praise must go to Father Ferro as the driving force. There is no doubt that De la Salle and <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">St.</abbr> Aloysius Colleges also played their part, but without the same results. If ever rugby is revived in Malta it will have to be with the three Colleges, the University and the Armed Forces as the core.</p>
			</section>
		</section>
	</body>
</html>
