<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/, se: https://standardebooks.org/vocab/1.0" xml:lang="en-GB">
	<head>
		<title>1971/72</title>
		<link href="../css/core.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
		<link href="../css/local.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
	</head>
	<body epub:type="bodymatter z3998:non-fiction">
		<section id="chapter-17" epub:type="chapter">
			<!--PAGE 092-->
			<h2 epub:type="title">1971/72</h2>
			<p>Annual General Meeting, Marsa Lodge, 23rd September, 1971.</p>
			<p>The following Officials were elected:</p>
			<table class="elected-officials">
				<tbody>
					<tr>
						<th scope="row">President</th>
						<td><abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr> <abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">J. F.</abbr> Christie</td>
					</tr>
					<tr>
						<th scope="row">Vice-Presidents</th>
						<td>
							<ul>
								<li>
									<p><abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Surg.</abbr> <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Cdr.</abbr> <abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">J.</abbr> Alderson, <abbr class="eoc" epub:type="z3998:initialism">R.N.</abbr></p>
								</li>
								<li>
									<p><abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr> <abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">J.</abbr> Handford</p>
								</li>
								<li>
									<p><abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr> <abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">H.</abbr> Harris</p>
								</li>
								<li>
									<p><abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Lt.</abbr> <abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">A.</abbr> Phillips, <abbr class="eoc" epub:type="z3998:initialism">R.N.</abbr></p>
								</li>
								<li>
									<p><abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr> <abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">F.</abbr> Kitson</p>
								</li>
							</ul>
						</td>
					</tr>
					<tr>
						<th scope="row"><abbr epub:type="z3998:truncation">Hon.</abbr> Secretary</th>
						<td><abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr> <abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">T. N.</abbr> Ricketts</td>
					</tr>
					<tr>
						<th scope="row"><abbr epub:type="z3998:truncation">Hon.</abbr> Treasurer</th>
						<td><abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr> <abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">M. F.</abbr> Lewis</td>
					</tr>
					<tr>
						<th scope="row"><abbr epub:type="z3998:truncation">Hon.</abbr> Social Secretary</th>
						<td><abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr> <abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">R.</abbr> Daley</td>
					</tr>
					<tr>
						<th scope="row">Club House/Bar Manager</th>
						<td><abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr> <abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">M.</abbr> Holt</td>
					</tr>
					<tr>
						<th scope="row">Team Captain and <abbr epub:type="z3998:truncation">Hon.</abbr> Fixture Secretary</th>
						<td><abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr> <abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">D.</abbr> Taylor</td>
					</tr>
					<tr>
						<th scope="row">Team Vice-Captain</th>
						<td><abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Lt.</abbr> <abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">A.</abbr> Phillips</td>
					</tr>
					<tr>
						<th scope="row">Tours Secretary</th>
						<td><abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr> <abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">D.</abbr> Riley</td>
					</tr>
					<tr>
						<th scope="row">Selection Committee</th>
						<td>
							<ul>
								<li>
									<p><abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr> <abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">D.</abbr> Taylor</p>
								</li>
								<li>
									<p><abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Lt.</abbr> <abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">A.</abbr> Phillips</p>
								</li>
								<li>
									<p><abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Surg.</abbr> <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Cdr.</abbr> <abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">J.</abbr> Alderson</p>
								</li>
							</ul>
						</td>
					</tr>
					<tr>
						<th scope="row">Team Trainer</th>
						<td><abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Surg.</abbr> <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Cdr.</abbr> <abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">J.</abbr> Alderson</td>
					</tr>
					<tr>
						<th scope="row">Student Representative</th>
						<td><abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr> <abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">J.</abbr> Symes</td>
					</tr>
					<tr>
						<th scope="row">Inter Service Representatives</th>
						<td>
							<ul>
								<li>
									<p><abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Lt.</abbr> <abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">A.</abbr> Phillips, <abbr class="eoc" epub:type="z3998:initialism">R.N.</abbr></p>
								</li>
								<li>
									<p><abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Flt.</abbr> <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Lt.</abbr> <abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">K.</abbr> Prior, <abbr class="eoc" epub:type="z3998:initialism">R.A.F.</abbr></p>
								</li>
								<li>
									<p>Major <abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">R.</abbr> Hurley, Army</p>
								</li>
							</ul>
						</td>
					</tr>
					<tr>
						<th scope="row">Social Committee</th>
						<td>
							<ul>
								<li>
									<p><abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr> <abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">R.</abbr> Daley (Secretary)</p>
								</li>
								<li>
									<p><abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr> <abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">T.</abbr> Ricketts</p>
								</li>
								<li>
									<p><abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr> <abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">D.</abbr> Taylor</p>
								</li>
								<li>
									<p><abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr> <abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">M.</abbr> Holt</p>
								</li>
								<li>
									<p><abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr> <abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">F.</abbr> Smith</p>
								</li>
								<li>
									<p><abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr> <abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">J.</abbr> Agnew</p>
								</li>
								<li>
									<p><abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr> <abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">M.</abbr> Lewis</p>
								</li>
								<li>
									<p><abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr> <abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">C.</abbr> Rice</p>
								</li>
							</ul>
						</td>
					</tr>
					<tr>
						<th scope="row">Club Bar Helpers</th>
						<td>
							<ul>
								<li>
									<p><abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr> <abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">M.</abbr> Holt (Manager)</p>
								</li>
								<li>
									<p><abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr> <abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">R.</abbr> Daley</p>
								</li>
								<li>
									<p><abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr> <abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">D.</abbr> Taylor</p>
								</li>
								<li>
									<p><abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr> <abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">M.</abbr> Barrett</p>
								</li>
								<li>
									<p><abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr> <abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">F.</abbr> Smith</p>
								</li>
								<li>
									<p><abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr> <abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">J.</abbr> Symes</p>
								</li>
								<li>
									<p><abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr> <abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">D.</abbr> Riley</p>
								</li>
								<li>
									<p><abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr> <abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">C.</abbr> Rice</p>
								</li>
								<li>
									<p><abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr> <abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">B.</abbr> Wood</p>
								</li>
								<li>
									<p><abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr> <abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">E.</abbr> Pearson</p>
								</li>
							</ul>
						</td>
					</tr>
				</tbody>
			</table>
			<section id="chapter-17-1" epub:type="z3998:subchapter">
				<h3 epub:type="title">Playing Season</h3>
				<p>In spite of the political clouds on the horizon, the 1971/72 season started off normally. Training started on the 30th September with circuit training in the gymnasium at Tal Handaq School under the supervision of Trev Ricketts.</p>
				<p>From the start there was a shortage of playing members, and although the Team Captain, Dave Taylor, believed that we had a reasonably competent side, there was, on the occasion, difficulty in raising a side. Lack of interest in training did not help. The two combined led to a number of defeats in the short lived season. It was not until the 18th December that the Captain said in Committee that “Last Saturday’s win” had shown a strong change in fortunes. This must have referred to a game in which Overseas beat <abbr epub:type="z3998:initialism">R.A.F.</abbr> “B” side 78 points to nil. Dave Taylor scored 4 tries. In all 14 tries were scored, 11 of which were converted by Charlie Rice. Unfortunately, there is not a complete list of games played and results. I believe approximately 6 games were played before the withdrawal.</p>
				<p>The points value of a try was increased this season from 3 to 4. No rugby took place in Malta during the second half of the season. This put paid to the plans ahead for the Rugby Festival which was to have taken place during Easter period 1972.</p>
			</section>
			<section id="chapter-17-2" epub:type="z3998:subchapter">
				<!--PAGE 093-->
				<h3 epub:type="title">Withdrawal of British Forces in January, 1972, and Consequent Temporary Disbandment of Overseas <abbr class="eoc" epub:type="z3998:initialism">R.U.F.C.</abbr></h3>
				<p>The possibility that Overseas might have to fold up due to the political situation was first discussed by members at the Annual General Meeting, 1971. The President, Jim Christie, asked members to forward to the Committee, any ideas they might have for dealing with the Club’s finances if this should occur. At this same meeting, the Committee was empowered, in the event of no such ideas being forthcoming from members, by the November Committee Meeting, to put forward suggestions themselves.</p>
				<p>On the 18th November, having received no written proposals from members, the Committee discussed several methods of dealing with the Club’s finances, including the idea of sponsoring a Cup or Competition so that the name of the Club would live on. It was agreed, “That, in the event of the Club winding up, the Committee in office at that time should be given authority to use any surplus funds in the furtherance of the name of Overseas <abbr epub:type="z3998:initialism">R.U.F.C.</abbr>, Malta, bearing in mind the possible continuance of the Club in some subsectional form”.</p>
				<p>The blow came on the 29th December, 1971, when a deadlock was reached in the financial negotiations between Britain and Malta, and Britain prepared to withdraw the British Forces from Malta. An Extraordinary Committee Meeting of the Overseas <abbr epub:type="z3998:initialism">R.U.F.C.</abbr> was held at the Club House, Marsa Lodge, on the 30th December. Present were: <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Messrs.</abbr> <abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">M.</abbr> Holt; <abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">J.</abbr> Alderson; <abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">D.</abbr> Taylor; <abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">A.</abbr> Phillips; <abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">H.</abbr> Handford; <abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">T.</abbr> Ricketts; <abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">M.</abbr> Lewis and <abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">H.</abbr> Harris. At this point it was almost certain that the Club would have to be disbanded and plans were made accordingly. This was the last meeting of an Overseas Committee at Marsa Lodge. It was then decided to contact <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Cdr.</abbr> Mike Pearey, <abbr epub:type="z3998:initialism">R.N.</abbr>, Overseas Team Captain 1970/71, and now serving on the <abbr epub:type="z3998:initialism">R.F.U.</abbr> Sub-Committee on Laws, with the view to purchasing two trophies to be used for competition at U/15 U/19 Schoolboy International level. Mike Pearey was asked to contact the <abbr epub:type="z3998:initialism">R.F.U.</abbr> to ascertain the possibility of such a competition. Arrangements were made to withdraw money from the bank and given to <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Lt.</abbr> <abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">A.</abbr> Phillips, <abbr epub:type="z3998:initialism">R.N.</abbr> to hold for this purpose. Arrangements were made for the books to be audited and for <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr> <abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">F.</abbr> Kitson to take care of the Secretary’s books. It was decided to give a gratuity of £25 to Angelo, Bar Steward. Finally, a Full Meeting of the Club was arranged for the 6th January, 1972, the Secretary to inform as many people as possible in the circumstances. This was not to be.</p>
				<p>Although the Malta Government, on the 1st January, extended its deadline for the withdrawal of British troops by a fortnight, the evacuation of families of British Services started on the 7th January. On the 15th January the Malta Government lifted its ultimatum for evacuation of British troops, but by this time the evacuation of families and <abbr epub:type="z3998:initialism">U.K.</abbr> Based Civilians was complete and only a nucleus of necessary Military remained.</p>
				<p>As from the Overseas Meeting on the 30th December, the affairs of the Club were left in the very capable hands of 6 Officials, namely, the President, Jim Christie, The Secretary, Trevor Ricketts, Jack Sharp, Frank Kitson, Mike Pearey and Arthur Phillips. One must remember that at the time of the<!--PAGE 094--> withdrawal it was presumed that the disbandment of the Club was final. Remaining in Malta, Jim Christie, Arthur Phillips, and Jack Sharp, arranged settling of the Club’s affairs, including the withdrawal of monies from the bank and sending of same to Mike Pearey for re-banking in <abbr class="eoc" epub:type="z3998:initialism">U.K.</abbr> Frank Kitson held the Secretary’s books for future reference. Mike Pearey in the <abbr epub:type="z3998:initialism">U.K.</abbr> acted as contact between Overseas <abbr epub:type="z3998:initialism">R.U.F.C.</abbr> and <abbr class="eoc" epub:type="z3998:initialism">R.F.U.</abbr> Trevor Ricketts returned to <abbr epub:type="z3998:initialism">U.K.</abbr> and from his home continued to carry out the Secretary’s duties and co-ordinated all arrangements by the different interested parties in Malta and the United Kingdom.</p>
				<p>On behalf of the Overseas Club, Mike Pearey approached the <abbr epub:type="z3998:initialism">R.F.U.</abbr> to find out their reaction to Overseas offering two trophies as awards for the winning international sides in the Schoolboy’s Championships at under 19 and under 15 level. In fact, Mike forwarded Trevor’s letter to this effect to the <abbr class="eoc" epub:type="z3998:initialism">R.F.U.</abbr> In reply, on the 24th January, 1972, <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr> Prescott, <abbr epub:type="z3998:initialism">R.F.U.</abbr> Secretary, said that both he and the President of the Rugby Union, <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Dr.</abbr> <abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">T. A.</abbr> Kemp, felt that trophies were a problem in themselves, more so when schools sides from year to year, owing no allegiance to any particular school, would have custody. Also, equally, problems of transport and insurance could present difficulties. <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr> Prescott suggested that the Overseas funds might be passed into a Centenary Youth Trust which was then being created and perhaps preferably utilised in some tangible and visible way at Twickenham to commemorate Overseas Club. Before it was decided one way or another the political scene suggested that Overseas might be resurrected. <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr> Prescott received this news with great satisfaction, hoping that Overseas would be revived and continue to prosper and flourish. He also said how our original offer had been appreciated.</p>
				<p>Arthur Phillips and Jim Christie closed the bank account, settled outstanding bills, and on the 17th March, Arthur Phillips sent the balance to Mike Pearey.</p>
				<p>On the 26th March, after protracted negotiations in London, Rome and Malta, a 7 year Defence Agreement was signed in London between the British and Malta Governments. From the 14th April, British Service personnel gradually started returning to the Island. In a letter to Jim Christie on the 16th April, Trevor Ricketts said, “It would appear that Overseas will be reborn in the not-too-distant future.”</p>
				<p>On the 5th June, Mike Pearey wrote to Trevor informing him that he had invested the Overseas Rugby Funds in the National Savings Bank. £50 in an ordinary account and £223 in an investment account at 7.5%. In Mike’s words, the money was safe, could be withdrawn at one month’s notice and the National Savings Bank gave a reasonable dividend.</p>
				<p>In July, 1972, Trevor duly returned to Malta and immediately started picking up the debris and rebuilding Overseas. Arthur Phillips had in the meantime returned to <abbr epub:type="z3998:initialism">U.K.</abbr>, but most of the Committee elected at the previous <abbr epub:type="z3998:initialism">A.G.M.</abbr> had either remained in or returned to Malta. A Steering Committee was held at 13, Zachary Street, Valletta, on the 21st September, 1972. Present were: <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Messrs.</abbr> <abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">J.</abbr> Christie; <abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">T.</abbr> Ricketts; <abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">J.</abbr> Sharp; <abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">R.</abbr> Daley; <abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">M.</abbr> Lewis; <abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">D.</abbr> Taylor; <abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">F.</abbr> Kitson; and <abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">J.</abbr> Handford.</p>
				<!--PAGE 095-->
				<p>From this point I will leave the telling of the rebuilding of the Club to its proper place, <abbr>i.e.</abbr> the 1972/73 season. However, the sterling work done by the previously mentioned Officials must be mentioned. From the last meeting prior to the withdrawal these men had worked continuously looking after the Club affairs in Malta and <abbr class="eoc" epub:type="z3998:initialism">U.K.</abbr> The Committee elected at the 1971 <abbr epub:type="z3998:initialism">A.G.M.</abbr> more than kept faith with the members who elected them. If one person can be singled out, it is Trevor Ricketts who co-ordinated all efforts and without whose tenacity, singleness of purpose, and love of the Overseas Club, the Club might not have been rebuilt, at least for the start of the 1972/73 season.</p>
			</section>
			<section id="chapter-17-3" epub:type="z3998:subchapter">
				<h3 epub:type="title">Social Events 1971/72</h3>
				<p>With the shortened season there is little to report in the social life of the Club. The one event reported, a disco evening, was not a success through lack of interest. The monthly film evenings took place. The one reported success was the Children’s Christmas party.</p>
			</section>
		</section>
	</body>
</html>
