<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/, se: https://standardebooks.org/vocab/1.0" xml:lang="en-GB">
	<head>
		<title>1947 - 1952</title>
		<link href="../css/core.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
		<link href="../css/local.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
	</head>
	<body epub:type="bodymatter z3998:non-fiction">
		<section id="chapter-2" epub:type="chapter">
			<!--PAGE 015-->
			<h2 epub:type="title">1947 - 1952</h2>
			<section id="chapter-2-1" epub:type="z3998:subchapter">
				<h3 epub:type="title">Annual General Meeting, 1947</h3>
				<p>After hours of searching through old copies of the Times of Malta in the Offices of Allied Malta Newspapers <abbr epub:type="z3998:truncation">Ltd.</abbr>, <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">St.</abbr> Paul’s Street, Valletta, and the Public Library, Queen’s Square, Valletta, for written word of the beginning of the Club, the following notice appertaining to the second <abbr epub:type="z3998:initialism">A.G.M.</abbr> was found in the copy of the 30th September, 1947:</p>
				<blockquote>
					<header role="presentation">
						<p class="h4">The Overseas Rugby Football Club</p>
					</header>
					<p>There will be a General Meeting of the Overseas Rugby Football Club on Tuesday, October, 7th, at 7 <abbr>p.m.</abbr>, at Queens Hall, Old College Street, Sliema.</p>
					<p>The United Kingdom civilian personnel interested in the 1947-48 season are cordially invited to attend.</p>
					<p>The Club is open to service personnel, particularly those of small units, which are themselves unable to field rugby teams.</p>
					<cite><i epub:type="se:name.publication.periodical">Times of Malta</i><br/>
					30th September, 1947</cite>
				</blockquote>
				<p>From this notice it can be seen that although Overseas is a civilian club, the only one resident in Malta at that time, or since, notice of <abbr epub:type="z3998:initialism">A.G.M.</abbr>’s has always been directed to both civilian and service personnel. Having said this, it must be stated that the golden rule of the Club has always been, written or unwritten, that where there is a clash of fixtures, a service man's loyalty is first to his Service team.</p>
				<p>For the 1947/48 season, the only Officials elected at the <abbr epub:type="z3998:initialism">A.G.M.</abbr> known for certain are as follows:</p>
				<table class="elected-officials">
					<tbody>
						<tr>
							<th scope="row">President</th>
							<td>Commander <abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">E. A.</abbr> Hamilton-Hill <abbr epub:type="z3998:initialism">R.N.</abbr> (<abbr epub:type="z3998:truncation">Retd.</abbr>)</td>
						</tr>
						<tr>
							<th scope="row">Chairman</th>
							<td><abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">F.</abbr> Hitchcock</td>
						</tr>
						<tr>
							<th scope="row">Hon. Secretary</th>
							<td><abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">T.</abbr> Lewis</td>
						</tr>
						<tr>
							<th scope="row">Hon. Social Secretary</th>
							<td><abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">R.</abbr> Meredith</td>
						</tr>
					</tbody>
				</table>
			</section>
			<section id="chapter-2-2" epub:type="z3998:subchapter">
				<h3 epub:type="title">Commander <abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">E. A.</abbr> Hamilton-Hill, President 1947 to 1956</h3>
				<p><abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Cmdr.</abbr> <abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">E. A.</abbr> Hamilton-Hill was President of Overseas for 9 years, 1947 to 1956, after which he was forced to withdraw because he could not give the necessary time to the Club. Even so, the Commander remained a staunch supporter of the Club until he left Malta in 1971, and as Managing Director of Rediffusion (Malta) and Malta Television Services he never failed to broadcast details of the Club's <abbr epub:type="z3998:initialism">A.G.M.</abbr> and other big events when requested to do so. He was awarded the <abbr epub:type="z3998:initialism">O.B.E.</abbr> in 1961.</p>
				<p>Commander Hamilton-Hill's rugby playing record is impressive. As a flank forward, besides playing for the Royal Navy, he played for Harlequins, 1929 to 1939; Surrey, 1930 to 1938; and for England, 1935/36, <abbr>vs.</abbr> Ireland, Wales and New Zealand (3 caps).</p>
			</section>
			<section id="chapter-2-3" epub:type="z3998:subchapter">
				<h3 epub:type="title">Committee 1948 to 1952</h3>
				<p>At the <abbr epub:type="z3998:initialism">A.G.M.</abbr>, 26th October, 1948, the following known Officials were elected:</p>
				<table class="elected-officials">
					<tbody>
						<tr>
							<th scope="row">President</th>
							<td>Commander <abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">E. A.</abbr> Hamilton-Hill</td>
						</tr>
						<tr>
							<th scope="row">Chairman</th>
							<td><abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">F.</abbr> Hitchcock</td>
						</tr>
						<tr>
							<th scope="row">Hon. Secretary</th>
							<td><abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">T.</abbr> Lewis</td>
						</tr>
						<tr>
							<th scope="row">Hon. Treasurer</th>
							<td><abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">W. M.</abbr> Wren</td>
						</tr>
					</tbody>
				</table>
				<!--PAGE 016-->
				<p>Trevor Lewis resigned in February, 1949, prior to leaving Malta, and Fred Burch took over as Secretary. This Committee, first with Trevor, and then with Fred, remained together as a Committee until the end of the 1951/52 season, when all except the President returned to <abbr class="eoc" epub:type="z3998:initialism">U.K.</abbr> They proved a very popular and capable Committee, and all members who knew them remember them with affection.</p>
			</section>
			<section id="chapter-2-4" epub:type="z3998:subchapter">
				<h3 epub:type="title">Trevor Lewis, Founder Member</h3>
				<p>Trevor Lewis left Malta in June, 1949. It was mainly due to his love of rugby and desire for a game that started the idea of a Club being formed for all rugby enthusiasts who had no team of their own. Backed by Commodore D. Orr-Ewing, and an equally keen body of sportsmen, first from the Dockyard, the Overseas Rugby Club was formed.</p>
			</section>
			<section id="chapter-2-5" epub:type="z3998:subchapter">
				<h3 epub:type="title">Object of the Club, 1951</h3>
				<p>The following notice was inserted in the Times of Malta on the 22nd November, 1951:</p>
				<blockquote>
					<header role="presentation">
						<p class="h4">Overseas <abbr epub:type="z3998:initialism">R.F.C.</abbr></p>
					</header>
					<p>The object of this Club is to provide Rugger for United Kingdom civilian personnel and members of small units who would not otherwise get a game. Prospective members are cordially invited to contact <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr> Burch, Flat 5, Tigne Street, Sliema.</p>
					<cite><i epub:type="se:name.publication.periodical">Times of Malta</i><br/>
					22nd November, 1951</cite>
				</blockquote>
			</section>
			<section id="chapter-2-6" epub:type="z3998:subchapter">
				<h3 epub:type="title">Overseas on the Field, 1947 to 1952</h3>
				<p>For information about the Club I have corresponded with past members whose service to the Club covers the years, 1946 to the present date, and except for a small gap in 1953, their membership overlaps. As this gap seems to occur when changes are becoming apparent in the Club, I will first concern myself with the period, 1947 to 1952.</p>
				<p>For this period, following Trevor Lewis and Ray Meredith, for invaluable information, I am indebted to <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Cdr.</abbr> <abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">E. A.</abbr> Hamilton-Hill, <abbr epub:type="z3998:initialism">R.N.</abbr> (<abbr epub:type="z3998:truncation">Retd.</abbr>) (1947–71), <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr> <abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">G.</abbr> Holt (1947–51), <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Lt.</abbr> <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Cdr.</abbr> <abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">W. M.</abbr> Wren, <abbr epub:type="z3998:initialism">R.N.</abbr> (<abbr epub:type="z3998:truncation">Retd.</abbr>) (1948–52), <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr> <abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">J.</abbr> Gray (1948–52), <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Capt.</abbr> <abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">J.</abbr> Asbury <abbr epub:type="z3998:initialism">R.N.</abbr> (<abbr epub:type="z3998:truncation">Retd.</abbr>), and <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr> <abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">W. M.</abbr> Polkinghorne (1950–53, 1958–61). Jimmy Gray was the First Officer on the <abbr epub:type="z3998:initialism">R.F.A.</abbr> Blue Ranger. One other person I would like to mention is Fred Burch. Fred was contacted via the <abbr epub:type="z3998:initialism">M.O.D.</abbr> Worcester, in June, 1975, and a letter was received from him in which he expressed his pleasure in hearing from his old club again. I wrote direct to Fred on the 16th July, 1975, and sad to relate he had passed away on the 10th July. His widow, Vera, herself an Overseas close supporter, sent my letter, requesting information of the early days of the Club, on to Trevor Lewis.</p>
				<p>The Club continued through 1947/48 with a fair amount of playing success. Unfortunately, many of the original members, including Ray Meredith, left Malta in the summer of 1948. Over the years, this continuing loss of playing strength, as civilian and service members finished their tour of duty in Malta and returned to the <abbr epub:type="z3998:initialism">U.K.</abbr>, or other place of duty, was to prove the main factor which affected the Club’s fortunes. However, at that time good players were easier to replace. There is no record of playing results for 1947/48, but some results, noted<!--PAGE 017--> in diaries were kept for 1948-51 seasons. These are incomplete. During this early period Overseas could field two reasonably strong teams, both on the same day. There was no shortage of opponents, although then, as now, the only civilian opponents were touring sides. There was a reasonable fleet in Malta, and we played many teams from <abbr epub:type="z3998:initialism">H.M.</abbr> ships and Shore Establishments, besides army and <abbr class="eoc" epub:type="z3998:initialism">R.A.F.</abbr> Most of our games were played on Sundays. Our standard was good. The highlight of the rugby season was the game against the Mediterranean Fleet. Before proceeding on its Spring cruise to Gibraltar and there playing against the Home Fleet, the <abbr epub:type="z3998:truncation">Med.</abbr> Fleet used to play the Overseas XV as a trial match. It was a means of blooding (not literally) the navy team. There is a record of one such match at Ta' Qali on the 11th December, 1949, with the score, Overseas 3 - <abbr epub:type="z3998:truncation">Med.</abbr> Fleet 8. Overseas used to help the mid-shipmen of the <abbr epub:type="z3998:truncation">Med.</abbr> Fleet in the same way.</p>
				<p>One person who played occasionally for Overseas between 1949 and 1951 is the present First Sea Lord, Admiral Sir Terence Lewin. Admiral Lewin was a very keen rugby enthusiast, as indeed he still is, and he kindly replied to my enquiry with the following: "I served in <abbr epub:type="z3998:initialism">H.M.S.</abbr> Chequers based in Malta from August 1949 until October, 1951. During that time I played for anybody that was running a side and turned out several times for the Overseas, roped in, as far as I can remember, by Bill Wren; this was because my ship was not big enough to run a side of its own. I was, however, at the same time playing for the Flotilla side and also for the Royal Navy."</p>
				<p>George Holt writes of the period 1950-51 when Jack Asbury was Team Captain. George has no doubt that under Jack Asbury's leadership the team standard improved. He cites two games in this season when Overseas played against two touring sides, the French Air Force from Tunisia and the Grenadier Guards from Tripoli. The games were watched by the Queen, Princess Margaret and Lord Louis Mountbatten. The French beat Overseas by the odd try and George Holt blames himself for this (one of those memories). The first half was played with the smaller French rugby ball and the second half with larger type which we use. The try was scored when a Frenchman holding the small ball in the palm of his hand waved it in front of George. George was mesmerised by it and tackled the spot where the ball had been, instead of the man.</p>
				<p>Information about the Overseas XV in the 1951/52 season comes from a copy of the <abbr epub:type="z3998:initialism">R.A.F.</abbr> news sheet called 'Luqa Lens' dated January, 1952. This particular copy was passed on to me by Trev Rickettes, the present President of Overseas, and although it is appertaining to <abbr epub:type="z3998:initialism">R.A.F.</abbr> rugby, it is also part of Malta and Overseas rugby, and I quote:</p>
				<blockquote>
					<p>Congratulations to the Station Rugby Team on putting up such a fine showing this season.</p>
					<p>Up to date the team has played thirteen matches, won 11 - lost 2, with a total of 228 <abbr epub:type="z3998:truncation">pts.</abbr> for, and 62 <abbr epub:type="z3998:truncation">pts.</abbr> against - a very creditable performance indeed.</p>
					<!--PAGE 018-->
					<p>The teams holding the honours of beating Luqa are <abbr epub:type="z3998:initialism">H.M.S.</abbr> Euryalus and Overseas, both by very close margins.</p>
					<cite><i epub:type="se:name.publication.periodical">Luqa Lens</i><br/>
					<abbr epub:type="z3998:truncation">Vol.</abbr> 1 <abbr epub:type="z3998:truncation">No.</abbr> 10 - January, 1952</cite>
				</blockquote>
			</section>
			<section id="chapter-2-7" epub:type="z3998:subchapter">
				<h3 epub:type="title">Club Activities and Characters, 1947 to 1952</h3>
				<p>In those early days we had no Club House and Committee Meetings were held in Official's homes. The meeting place for members, in and out of season, was Charlie's Bar, Tower Road, very near the junction of Tower Road and Tigne Street. Here members who were about to leave Malta were entertained and presented with tankards. I am also told that many a committee Meeting ended there.</p>
				<p>Very much part of the Club was the weekly Stag night and these took place at such places as the Strand Palace, Valletta, and Jimmy's Bar, Birzebbugia, when such crazy games as tie biting were played. They also took place at a bar on the water's edge at <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">St.</abbr> Paul's Bay. The evening started off with a meal and then to the serious business. Another game played was aircraft hangars. One of the highlights of these affairs was one evening when the naval element decided to re enact the shipwreck of <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">St.</abbr> Paul using a kitchen table top. There was nearly a nasty accident involving one of the local fishing boats, and disaster was only averted when Jack Asbury, like a good Captain, regained order from the near shipwreck. A bus was usually hired to take the members back round the Island to their various places of residence.</p>
				<p>The main social functions were the dances held at the Queen's Hall. In those early days they were for <abbr epub:type="z3998:initialism">U.K.</abbr> members only and usually evening dress was worn. Each season a fancy dress dance was held during Carnival time which traditionally was just before lent. George Holt recalls one particular dance which was held at the Phoenicia Hotel, a Rugger Ball, probably at Christmas 1950. On this occasion a set of rugger posts, painted in red and white stripes, was set up before the band and two sets of jerseys were strung across the room. During the evening, Jimmy Gray (well someone had to do it) climbed up the posts and ruined a good suit on the still wet posts. Jack Asbury also recalls a combined Rugger Ball with Overseas and the three Services in 1950/51 at the Phoenicia Hotel which was attended by Prince Philip and the then Princess. A mini rugby ball was given to each attender. It is possible that these dances were one and the same.</p>
				<p>During the summer months buses were hired from Captain's Garage to take members and their families to the beaches. The wives had what was called a 'Cackle Club', meeting in each others homes in turn. In the absence of a Club House all this helped to bind the Club together.</p>
				<p>As with all Clubs, Overseas had its characters, and perhaps during this period the most talked about, usually with affection, was <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Doc.</abbr> Doyle. As a doctor on board the <abbr epub:type="z3998:initialism">R.F.A.</abbr> Fort Duquesne he certainly did not look the part. Modest and unassuming, he dressed in a cloth cap and a raincoat two sizes too large. He carried his first aid kit to matches in a pussers attache case and on one occasion he dashed onto the field, opened his case, and to everyone's delight empty cisk bottles fell out. Two other stories are<!--PAGE 019--> told about Doc Doyle and one of them concerns me. One occasion, early in 1950, whilst playing at Ta' Qali, I was knocked unconscious. The game was being reffed by a Major who was the family doctor at Mtarfa Hospital. Doc, complete with his attache case, rushed onto the field and proceeded to stick a needle in. The Major was aghast, and apparently looked at Doc in horror asking him who he thought he was and what he thought he was doing. Doc reckons he saved my life, bless him. This story has been told to me by three ex members of the day. The other story is that on one occasion Doc decided he was ill, made a chit out for himself, and off he went to Bighi Hospital. Jimmy Gray and one or two other Overseas members visited him and they were told that no such person was in hospital. Eventually he was found in the seaman's ward and duly transferred to a private ward. Doc Doyle would have said he was happier in a seaman's ward.</p>
				<p>During these early years there were many good players but I think the two most worthy of note are the English internationals, <abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">R. V.</abbr> Stirling, and <abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">D. T.</abbr> Wilkins. Wilky was a Fleet Air Arm pilot on board the aircraft carrier <abbr epub:type="z3998:initialism">H.M.S.</abbr> Ocean, and Bob Stirling was a <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Fl.</abbr> <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Lt.</abbr> in the <abbr epub:type="z3998:initialism">R.A.F.</abbr> both serving in Malta in approximately 1948. They both played for England, 1951-53, and Bob Stirling played a final year when he Captained England in 1953/54. Men off <abbr epub:type="z3998:initialism">H.M.S.</abbr> Ocean gave Overseas a great deal of support both on the field and socially.</p>
				<p>Other members well remembered from this period, not necessarily in order of joining the Club, and not previously mentioned are as follows:</p>
				<p><abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">T.</abbr> Percy, Grimhoff, Anderton, <abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">L.</abbr> Lees, <abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">D.</abbr> Gillard, Riley, <abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">K.</abbr> Nichols, Montgomery, Jock Muir, <abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">S.</abbr> Bucktan, <abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">T.</abbr> Parry, <abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">P.</abbr> Perry, Stewart, <abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">L.</abbr> Bellamy, <abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">T.</abbr> Healey.</p>
			</section>
		</section>
	</body>
</html>
