<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/, se: https://standardebooks.org/vocab/1.0" xml:lang="en-GB">
	<head>
		<title>XXXI</title>
		<link href="../css/core.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
		<link href="../css/local.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
	</head>
	<body epub:type="bodymatter z3998:non-fiction">
		<section id="chapter-25" epub:type="chapter">
			<section id="chapter-25-1" epub:type="z3998:subchapter">
				<!--PAGE 211-->
				<h3 epub:type="title">Cricket Section 1978 - Continued</h3>
				<p>Before passing on to the rugby season of 1978/79, I will mention the Cricket Section. Even as the future of the Club was being decided at the E.G.M. of the 8th June, 1978, the Overseas Cricket Section was playing in its last season at the Marsa.</p>
				<p>The season started with a 6-a-side Tournament on the 6th May. Overseas entered two teams which were knocked out in the 1st and 2nd rounds respectively. League fixtures started on the 14th May when Overseas recorded a large win against the Army. The overall league results for Overseas were 9 played, 4 won and 5 lost. Overseas ended the season on top - what a way to go - in winning the "cup" for the first time in 8 years. I believe the memory of Overseas cricketers is best kept by quoting an extract from Cyril Fox's commentary written for 'Malta Life' in August, 1978:</p>
				<blockquote>
					<p>"Triumph at long last for the Overseas Cricketers, who deservedly won the Government Tourist Board Trophy in their last Match at the Marsa ground on July 16th. This coveted trophy (in previous years known as the Governor-General's Cup) is played on the same lines as the Gillette Cup and is competed for by all the cricket teams on the Island. Over the years the Overseas XIs have been finalists and semi-finalists but never the outright victors. But a splendid team effort ably directed by their skipper, Gerry Davey, gave them a glorious finish to their 1978 season.</p>
					<p>And so sad to relate it was the Overseas cricketers' last appearance in the middle where they have been playing regularly since 1965. Originally, according to the recently published "History of the Overseas Rugby and Sports Club", the cricket team was formed as an activity to keep members of the Rugby Club in touch throughout the summer months. Now, with the closing of the Service schools and the schoolmasters leaving the Island, Overseas have lost the mainstay of their XI and we say good-bye to such stalwarts as Trevor Ricketts, Gerry Davey, Mike Newton, Alan Latham and Mike Caseley, who have been the principals of the cricket scene for the past several seasons.</p>
					<p>If I was to name the Man of the Match I would have great difficulty in deciding between the two Mikes. Newton opened with a robust knock of 45 and then went on to take 4 M.S.C. wickets for 20. Caseley, who came in at No. 8, defied the bowling to score 32 of the most valuable runs, and then bowled 13 overs to take 4 for 54. Both equally winning contributions. Batting first, Overseas scored 159 for the loss of 9 wickets and this proved to be 32 too many for their opponents. Other highlights of the game to me were Gerry Davey's clouting the ball for 15 runs off one over and then skying the ball for the wicket-keeper to have ample time to trot out to square leg to collect a valuable wicket, and Trevor Ricketts being clapped to the wicket on the last of his many appearances on the pitch in his eleven years in Malta.</p>
					<p>For the M.S.C., Roy Swift had a good match (50 not out and a couple of wickets) and Rosser and Easton shared six wickets between them. The Club had had a tough fight the previous day to beat R.A.F. Penguins in the semi-final, whilst Overseas were in good form to beat the Army by 9 wickets with Newton again in the runs with a contribution of 64."</p>
				</blockquote>
			</section>
			<section id="chapter-25-2" epub:type="z3998:subchapter">
				<!--PAGE 212-->
				<h3 epub:type="title">Calypso Diving Club</h3>
				<p>At the Extraordinary General Meeting of the 8th June, 1978, under the heading 'The Future of Overseas Rugby and Sports Club', the President, Mr. T.N. Ricketts, opened the subject for discussion from the floor. Amongst many other suggestions from members, Mr. Derek Holt, Chairman of Calypso Diving Club, Malta branch of the British Sub Aqua Club, suggested that the 'Malta Calypso B.S.A.C.' might consider amalgamation in order to boost membership to mutual benefit, as currently many Overseas members were Sub Aqua members. This was the first time that the idea of amalgamating the two clubs was mooted in Committee. The benefits to both clubs were immediately realised: a home for the Diving Club and the boosting of Overseas membership, with a possible increase in rugby playing members. The Calypso Club had a membership of 30, 12 of whom were already members of Overseas.</p>
				<p>At an Overseas Committee Meeting held on the 28th June, 1978, it was decided that the matter should be discussed in full at the Annual General Meeting scheduled for September, 1978. Mr. C. Fox was asked to chair a Special Sub-Committee in conjunction with the Calypso Club.</p>
				<p>The Special Sub-Committee, consisting of Mr. C. Fox, Chairman, Mr. E. Macpherson, Overseas Secretary and Calypso Club committee member, Mr. D. Holt, Calypso Club Chairman and rugby playing member of Overseas, and Mr. J. Sharp, Overseas Vice-President, met on the 17th July, 1978. The Sub-Committee's terms of reference were to consider a proposal made at the E.G.M. of the Club held on the 8th June, 1978, for the affiliation of the Calypso Diving Club to the Overseas Rugby and Sports Club, and to report back to the General Committee.</p>
				<p>At this meeting the Chairman reported that there was nothing in the Rules of the Overseas R. &amp; S.C. to provide for the affiliation of another club, such as the Calypso Diving Club. A possible method would be for the sporting activities of Overseas to be extended to include a Sub-Aqua Section, but this would mean the loss of the name Calypso and he had been informed that this was not generally acceptable to the members of that Club. It would also mean the calling of an E.G.M. to amend the Rules. Finally the Special Sub-Committee produced the following recommendations:</p>
				<ol>
					<li>
						<p>That all members of the Calypso Diving Club be enrolled as members of the Overseas Rugby &amp; Sports Club on payment of the current annual subscription and that the Calypso Diving Club be entitled to use the Overseas Club room as in the past the Sections (Cricket, Soccer and Hockey) had so done.</p>
					</li>
					<li>
						<p>That, with the permission of Andrews Feeds Ltd., the Calypso Diving Club might regard the Club room as their Headquarters.</p>
					</li>
					<li>
						<p>That consideration be given for social activities being organised jointly by Overseas and Calypso members.</p>
					</li>
					<li>
						<p>That the Calypso Diving Club be invited to nominate one of their members to serve on the General Committee of Overseas.</p>
					</li>
				</ol>
				<p>The recommendations of the Special Sub-Committee were adopted by the Overseas Committee on the 18th September, 1978, and endorsed at the Annual General Meeting of the Overseas R. &amp; S.C. held on the 21st September, 1978. Also at the A.G.M. it was proposed and adopted to co-opt a representative from the Calypso Sub Aqua Club, namely the Chairman, Mr. D. Holt, to the new Overseas Committee. From this point, where membership is spoken of, it is the overall membership of Overseas unless otherwise indicated. According to the recommendations of the Special Sub-Committee, all Calypso members must enrol as Overseas members, but not vice versa.</p>
				<!--PAGE 213-->
				<p>Socially and financially, with both Overseas and Calypso using Flagstone Wharf as their Club House, it was to the benefit of Overseas. Joint ventures were undertaken to encourage joint interest, variety was provided to Overseas activity, and there was an increase in much needed revenue at the Club House. As has already been stated, from the outset a number of Overseas officials and players were active members of both clubs, and it was always hoped that more Calypso members would be encouraged to take an active part in the game of rugby. At the Annual General Meeting held on the 27th September, 1979, Overseas Membership Secretary, Mr. D. Schembri, reported that the loss of members from British Services personnel was made good by the Calypso Club joining Overseas. In fact the Diving Club provided 75% of the overall membership which then stood at 92.</p>
				<p>Throughout 1979 the Calypso Diving Club had problems of its own to contend with. In February, 1980, the Calypso representative was able to report to the Overseas Committee that after a short lean period the Club had managed to solve the main problems. The main problems had been the lack of qualified Instructors, which temporarily stopped new members joining Calypso Club, and the lack of a good swimming pool for training purposes. The situation as regards Instructors was solved after a course was held in Malta in April, 1979, and a number of club members scored positive results. The Coach/Instructors exam was held during Easter and for this purpose the club brought over the B.S.A.C. Coaching Director from London. In April, 1980, the Calypso Diving Club changed its affiliation from the B.S.A.C. to the Federation of Underwater Activities.</p>
				<p>Calypso Representatives on the Overseas Committee changed as follows:</p>
				<table>
					<tbody>
						<tr>
							<th scope="row">March, 1979</th>
							<td>Mr. J. Micallef</td>
						</tr>
						<tr>
							<th scope="row">June, 1979</th>
							<td>Mr. L. Spagnol</td>
						</tr>
						<tr>
							<th scope="row">December, 1979</th>
							<td>Mr. L. Vella Brincat</td>
						</tr>
						<tr>
							<th scope="row">February, 1980</th>
							<td>
								<ul>
									<li>
										<p>Mr. J. Micallef</p>
									</li>
									<li>
										<p>Mr. L. Vella Brincat</p>
									</li>
								</ul>
							</td>
						</tr>
					</tbody>
				</table>
				<p>These changes are taken from Overseas Committee Minutes and show the month that the Representative first sat on the committee. In February, 1980, Mr. L. Vella Brincat was joined by Mr. J. Micallef, and both sat on the Committee to the Closure.</p>
			</section>
		</section>
	</body>
</html>
