<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
      xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops"
      epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/, se: https://standardebooks.org/vocab/1.0"
      xml:lang="en-GB">
  <head>
    <title>The Closure</title>
    <link href="../css/core.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
    <link href="../css/local.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body epub:type="bodymatter z3998:non-fiction">
    <section id="chapter-29" epub:type="chapter">
      <!--PAGE 228-->
      <h2 epub:type="title">The Closure</h2>

      <section id="chapter-29-1" epub:type="z3998:subchapter">
        <h3 epub:type="title">Annual General Meeting, 1980</h3>

        <p>
          The final Annual General Meeting of the Overseas Rugby and Sports Club was
          held in the new Club House of the Calypso Diving Club, the Metropole
          Theatre, B'kara, on Friday, 24th October, 1980.
        </p>

        <p>
          Members present 14.
        </p>

        <p>
          In view of the forthcoming closure, and the vital decisions appertaining to
          it, I will print in full the three Motions submitted at the A.G.M. by the
          General Committee, and which had previously been promulgated in an
          A.G.M. Notice to Members:
        </p>

        <blockquote>
          <ol>
            <li>
              In view of all the circumstances, the General Committee has no
              alternative but to recommend the winding-up of the Overseas Rugby and
              Sports Club as from the date of this General Meeting of Members.
            </li>

            <li>
              In accordance with the terms of No. 13 of the Club Rules, the surplus
              funds be put in a Suspense Account.<br/>
              The Committee proposes that three Trustees be elected to review the
              financial position not later than the end of September, 1981. The
              Committee has agreed that the three Trustees should be Messrs. C. Fox,
              J. Sharp and G. Attard.
            </li>

            <li>
              That a Caretaker Committee of the present nine members viz.
              C. Fox, J. Sharp, J. Young, J. Micallef, C. Borda, L. Vella Brincat,
              D. Schembri, C. Mock and G. Attard be elected to safeguard the interests
              of the Club and to consider the use of these funds in the furtherance of
              the object of the Overseas Rugby and Sports Club should a favourable
              occasion arise.
            </li>
          </ol>
        </blockquote>

        <p>
          Mr. C. Fox asked the Secretary, Mr. G. Attard, to read the Notice convening
          the Meeting. The Members present then confirmed the Committee's decision to
          appoint Mr. Fox as Chairman.
        </p>

        <p>
          The Chairman read out a detailed report outlining the history of the Club
          and the reasons for its imminent winding-up.
        </p>

        <p>
          After the normal Committee Reports for the 1979/80 season were given, the
          Secretary reported that no amendments had been forwarded to him regarding
          the three resolutions as promulgated in the Notice.
        </p>

        <p>
          All three resolutions were read out and accepted unanimously.
        </p>
      </section>

      <section id="chapter-29-2" epub:type="z3998:subchapter">
        <h3 epub:type="title">Presentation of Club's Regalia</h3>

        <p>
          Details of this special ceremony were given to me by Mr. C. Fox. To get the
          true feeling of those attending I will quote Cyril's account:
        </p>

        <blockquote>
          <p>
            "The final ceremony of the winding-up of Overseas took place at
            St. Edward's College in November, 1980, when, at the kind invitation of
            the Headmaster (Mr. A. Cachia Caruana), the members of the Caretaker
            Committee attended a Drinks <!--PAGE 229--> party at the College. The
            Prefects and senior boys of the School XV were entertaining our party and
            were most attentive in keeping our glasses re-charged.
          </p>

          <p>
            Mr. Cyril Fox, as President/Chairman, led the Overseas party and thanked
            the Headmaster for his hospitality and for his invaluable co-operation
            during the past several years, when his boys had played such an active
            part on the Marsa pitch.  In his speech Mr. Fox made reference to the
            services which Mr. Charles Mock, the School's sports master, had given to
            Overseas in his coaching and physical training classes. He also singled
            out Tim Agius-Ferrante, a former Head Boy at Tal Handaq School, who had
            given yeoman service to Overseas, both on the field and in the committee
            room. Then came the handing-over ceremony. Mr. Fox, on behalf of the club,
            handed over all the trophies, plaques and banners which had been collected
            over the years and had been decorating the Club House (and as members will
            recall we had a goodly collection). The Headmaster was very gracious in
            his reply. A pleasant, though sad occasion, which ended an era of rugby
            football in Malta."
          </p>
        </blockquote>
      </section>

      <section id="chapter-29-3" epub:type="z3998:subchapter">
        <h3 epub:type="title">Caretaker Committee</h3>

        <p>
          The Caretaker Committee met initially on the 10th November, 1980, and during
          1981 'minuted meetings' were held at infrequent intervals. Informal meetings
          were also held. Meetings and a monthly social gathering took place at the
          offices of K.R.S. in Zachary Street, Valletta.
        </p>

        <p>
          On the 10th November, Cyril Fox and George Attard were elected Chairman and
          Hon. Secretary respectively. Tim Agius-Ferrante was co-opted onto the
          Caretaker Committee to become Hon. Treasurer. At this meeting the Chairman
          reminded those present that the Club had been placed in moth balls, so to
          speak, until September, 1981, when the final depositions would be made. The
          Caretaker Committee's first moves were to implement decisions made in
          Committee previous to the A.G.M. as regards the new arrangements of Club
          funds, also presentations.  The following organisations had to be officially
          informed of the winding-up of Overseas: Andrews Feeds, the Press,
          St. Edwards, the University, Insurance, the Armed Forces, the Ministry of
          Sport, the Police and the R.F.U.
        </p>

        <p>
          Jack Sharp continued living in Malta until his return to England at the
          beginning of 1982. But right up to the date of his departure he kept his
          interest in Overseas and regularly held his well-known and always
          appreciated drinks and film evenings. His invitations always included the
          ladies and with Jack and Dorothy the Committee kept the spirit of fellowship
          in the great sport of rugby football going to the end.
        </p>

        <p>
          The final meeting of the Caretaker Committee was deferred to the 11th
          January, 1982. The main item on the agenda at this meeting was to dispose of
          the balance of the Club funds as required by the resolutions passed during
          the A.G.M. and according to the three Trustees' recommendations. The
          Overseas Rugby and Sports Club did not have a large amount of money to
          dispose of and a great deal of thought must have been put into its method of
          disposal. The funds, in accordance with the Trustees' recommendations, were
          distributed as follows:
        </p>

        <table>
          <tbody>
          <tr>
            <td>
              1. Secretarial expenses and postage
            </td>
            <td>£10-00</td>
          </tr>
          <tr>
            <td>
              2. Grant to K.R.S. film operator Mr. J. Calleja -<br />
              We have been most grateful to Jack for his generous hospitality for
              which he has always refused to accept contributions, but feel we might
              recognize one of his employees.
            </td>
            <td>£10-00</td>
          </tr>

          <!--PAGE 230-->
          <tr>
            <td>
              3. Sub-Aqua Club - Calypso Divers<br />
              were accepted into membership in 1979. This grant is to go towards the
              upkeep of their new Club premises. At their request a plaque is to be
              made to commemorate their association with Overseas.
            </td>
            <td>£25-00, £15-00</td>
          </tr>
          <tr>
            <td>
              4. St. Edwards College<br />
              This school has always shown keen support towards rugby in Malta. The
              donation is for the College's Sports Fund.
            </td>
            <td>£25-00</td>
          </tr>
          <tr>
            <td>
              5. Rugby Football Union<br />   <!-- FIXME: Replace page number -->
              The Chairman referred to the intentions of the Committee as far back as
              1972 and quoted in the 'History' pp 86-87: "In furtherance of Junior Rugby
              to commemorate the name of Overseas Club." A donation of £Stg50-00 is to be
              made.
            </td>
            <td>£37-00</td>
          </tr>
          <tr>
            <td>
              6. History of the Club<br />
              Norman Morgan is to be asked to prepare a short postscript to cover the
              activities of the Club over the past two or three years, up to the
              decisions of this Committee. Copies of this postscript are to be sent to
              all members of the Committee and others concerned.
            </td>
            <td>£18-00 (or £Stg25-00)</td>
          </tr>
          <tr>
            <th>Total:</th>
            <td>
              £140-00
            </td>
          </tr>
          </tbody>
        </table>

        <p>
          The Trustees agreed to make arrangements to see that their recommendations
          were implemented.
        </p>

        <p>
          So ended a great Club.
        </p>

        <p>
          The Chairman, Cyril Fox, also gave up his residence in Malta and left for
          home in England in June, 1982. The last of the expatriates. Now, having
          achieved his 80th birthday, Cyril can sit back and enjoy rugger on the
          television. Since his return he has received a most kind letter from
          Mr. R.H.G. Weighill, the Hon. Secretary of the R.F.U.
        </p>

        <p>
          A copy of Mr. Weighill's letter to Cyril Fox is included in this Final
          Chapter.
        </p>

        <p>
          Always first and foremost a Rugby Club, but latterly also a Sports Club,
          Overseas promoted rugby in Malta for 36 years and it is to be hoped left
          seeds of the game to be developed in future years.
        </p>

        <!--PAGE 231-->
        <blockquote>
          <header role="presentation" class="letter">
            <p epub:type="se:letter.dateline">
              10th May, 1982
            </p>
            <p epub:type="se:letter.dateline">
              C. Fox, Esq.,<br />
              Chairman,<br />
              Overseas Rugby and Sports Club (Malta),<br />
              47 Tigne Street,<br />
              Sliema,<br />
              MALTA G.C.
            </p>
          </header>

          <p>
            Dear Mr Fox,
          </p>

          <p>
            Thank you so much for your letter which has been forwarded to me by George
            Attard and informs us of the demise of the Malta Rugby Club.
          </p>

          <p>
            We do fully appreciate the difficulties under which you have been
            operating during the past few years and were very conscious of the immense
            amount of energy and work which was involved in keeping going.
          </p>

          <p>
            It is always sad when Clubs of this nature have to wind up their affairs
            but we do sincerely hope that the game will have been given a good
            foundation in Malta and that some of the schools will continue to play and
            hopefully in due course the Club may arise again.
          </p>

          <p>
            Thank you so much also for the donation to the Rugby Football Union. We
            will try and think of some way in which we can use this money to
            commemorate the activities of your Club so that it will not be entirely
            lost to our records and also in the minds of rugby people throughout the
            world.
          </p>

          <p>
            I do sincerely hope that we shall have an opportunity of meeting you if
            and when you come to the United Kingdom and would welcome you at
            Twickenham whenever that may be.
          </p>

          <p class="signature">
            Yours sincerely, Bob Weighill
          </p>
        </blockquote>
      </section>

      <section id="chapter-29-4" epub:type="z3998:subchapter">
        <!--PAGE 232-->
        <h3 epub:type="title">Long Serving Members</h3>

        <section id="chapter-29-4-1">
          <h4 epub:type="title">Cyril Fox</h4>

          <p>
            Cyril Fox joined Overseas in 1972. In his first year as a member, and in all
            years between 1974 and 1982, Cyril served the Club in the capacity of
            Vice-President. In 1973/74, the year Overseas became a Rugby and Sports
            Club, he was elected President. Although intensely interested in both rugby
            and cricket, watching from the touchline or boundary on a Saturday and/or
            Sunday afternoon, his forte was to work for the Club as a whole, and not
            trying to pick the winning team on a Selection Committee. This was
            particularly so over the last 4 years of the Club's existence, when, as one
            of a Committee, he first fought to save the Club from closure, and, when
            this was a fait accompli, he helped to settle the Club's affairs with equal
            dedication. Always willing to take on extra Committee work, usually through
            difficult times, all members came to rely on his sound judgement. I
            personally have never seen Cyril ruffled or lose his calm and always he was
            interested in people, and had the time and courtesy to speak to
            everyone. Twice during the last 3 years he stepped into the breach to act as
            President/Chairman, and his last Office was to Chair the final Committee
            Meeting of the Club.
          </p>

          <table>
            <tbody>
            <tr>
              <td>Member of Club</td>
              <td>1972</td>
              <td>10 years</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
              <td>President</td>
              <td>1973/74</td>
              <td></td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
              <td>Vice-President</td>
              <td>1972/73, 1974-82</td>
              <td>9 years</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
              <td>Chairman of Steering Committee for run down of the Club</td>
              <td>1976-78</td>
              <td>2 years</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
              <td colspan="3">
                Chairman of Sub-Committee to consider application by Calypso<br />
                Diving Club for affiliation to O.R. &amp; S.C., 28th June, 1978
              </td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
              <td colspan="3">
                Acting President/Chairman, April to September, 1979
              </td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
              <td colspan="3">
                Drew up necessary proposals to close down Club, and prepared<br />
                statement on Closure for Committee and A.G.M., April, 1980
              </td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
              <td colspan="3">
                Acting President/Chairman, May to October, 1980
              </td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
              <td colspan="3">
                Trustee, October, 1980, to 11th January, 1982
              </td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
              <td colspan="3">
                Chairman of Caretaker Committee, October, 1980, to 11th January, 1982
              </td>
            </tr>
            </tbody>
          </table>
        </section>

        <section id="chapter-29-4-2">
          <h4 epub:type="title">Jack Sharp (Hon. Life Member)</h4>

          <p>   <!-- FIXME: Replace page number -->
            In the History of the Overseas Rugby and Sports Club (p. 152) I gave a full
            account of the many ways in which Jack served the Club up to May, 1978. At
            that time Jack was due to retire and his future movements unknown, at least
            to the writer. Fortunately for Overseas, he remained with M.U.F.C., later
            called K.R.S., after May, 1978, and was deeply involved in the Club right
            up to its closure.
          </p>

          <p>
            I repeat what I wrote in the History. Although I have listed below many of
            the Offices undertaken by Jack, it is impossible to name the many diverse
            ways he has helped the Club. It is impossible to overestimate his contact
            with the Maltese Ministry, particularly the Minister of Sport, on the Club's
            behalf; the many times he has acted as host to Overseas Committees and
            Members; his direct contact with the Colleges appertaining to rugby
            participation; and not least for providing all the necessities for Film
            Evenings at the Club House. This last mentioned service did much to boost
            the morale of members towards the end when times were difficult, and a Club
            House was of vital necessity for keeping members together.
          </p>

          <p>
            Updated list of Offices held:
          </p>

          <table>
            <tbody>
            <tr>
              <td>Member of Club</td>
              <td>1961/62</td>
              <td>21 years</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
              <td colspan="3">
                Elected Hon. Life Member, 1967
              </td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
              <td>President</td>
              <td>1962-66</td>
              <td>4 years</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
              <td>Vice-President</td>
              <td>1961/62 and 1972-82</td>
              <td>11 years</td>
            </tr>

            <!--PAGE 233-->
            <tr>
              <td>Chairman, Rugby Section</td>
              <td>1973-78</td>
              <td>5 years</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
              <td>Organised Exiles vs Tal Handaq, Christmas holiday matches</td>
              <td>1962-68</td>
              <td>6 years</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
              <td>Selection Committee (Cricket)</td>
              <td>1977-78</td>
              <td>2 years</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
              <td>Tours Secretary (Rugby)</td>
              <td>1976-78</td>
              <td>2 years</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
              <td colspan="3">
                Served on Social &amp; Bar Committees on a number of occasions
              </td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
              <td colspan="3">
                Served on Committee when Club was temporarily disbanded when<br/>
                British presence withdrew from Malta, January, 1972, and<br/>
                on Steering Committee which was formed for reformation<br/>
                of the Club, July, 1972
              </td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
              <td>On Steering Committee for run down of Club</td>
              <td>1976-78</td>
              <td>2 years</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
              <td colspan="3">
                Member of Sub-Committee to consider application by Calypso<br/>
                Diving Club for affiliation to O.R. &amp; S.C., July, 1978<br/>
                Sub-Committee to prepare meeting on future of rugby in Malta,<br/>
                February, 1980
              </td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
              <td colspan="3">
                Trustee of Club and Member of Caretaker Committee, October, 1980,<br/>
                to January, 1982
              </td>
            </tr>
            </tbody>
          </table>
        </section>

        <section id="chapter-29-4-3">
          <h4 epub:type="title">Don Alexander</h4>

          <p>
            Don Alexander, Overseas and Moseley, served on Overseas General and Rugby
            Committees from the time he joined the Club until he left Malta in
            September, 1980. Don rarely seemed to wish to be in the limelight, but
            preferred to give his sound advice in Committee, particularly on rugby
            matters. His opinion was always respected. I think, for Don, the highlights
            of his service to Overseas were the visits to Malta by Moseley
            teams. Moseley played good rugby and they were amongst the best to visit
            Malta. Don left Malta quietly, giving the Committee no chance to arrange any
            farewell occasion in his honour intimating he was not in favour of such
            functions. Approximate departure, September, 1980.
          </p>

          <table>
            <tbody>
            <tr>
              <td>Member of Club</td>
              <td>1972/73</td>
              <td>8 years</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
              <td>Vice-President</td>
              <td>1972-80</td>
              <td>8 years</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
              <td>Bar Committee</td>
              <td>1972/73, 1974-76 &amp; 1977/78</td>
              <td>4 years</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
              <td colspan="3">
                Ground work for Moseley R.U.F.C. Tours to Malta, 1974/75 &amp; 1977/78
              </td>
            </tr>
            </tbody>
          </table>
        </section>

        <section id="chapter-29-4-4">
          <h4 epub:type="title">Tim Agius-Ferrante</h4>

          <p>
            Tim Agius-Ferrante, Committee Member and Rugby Player for Overseas for 9
            years, was honoured in 1979/80 by being elected President of the Club.  Tim
            was not only the first Maltese President, but also the youngest, in the
            Club's history. He took over as President at a very difficult time, when the
            Club was fighting for its very existence, and did a difficult job well,
            until forced by circumstances to resign.
          </p>

          <p>
            In his 'younger days' Tim was Head Boy at Tal Handaq Combined Services
            School and Captain of the school 1st XV. As a schoolboy he occasionally
            played for Overseas XVs. Gone are the days. Tim was 'B' Team Captain in
            1974/75, and in the same year he was awarded the 'Young Player of the Year'
            Cup.
          </p>

          <table>
            <tbody>
            <tr>
              <td>Member of Club</td>
              <td>1973/74</td>
              <td>9 years</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
              <td>President</td>
              <td>1979/80</td>
              <td></td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
              <td>Hon. General Treasurer</td>
              <td>1978-82</td>
              <td>4 years</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
              <td colspan="3">
                Caretaker Committee, October, 1980, to January, 1982
              </td>
            </tr>
            </tbody>
          </table>
        </section>

        <section id="chapter-29-4-5">
          <!--PAGE 234-->
          <h4 epub:type="title">Dave Schembri</h4>

          <p>   <!-- FIXME: Replace page number -->
            Dave Schembri was a good Captain both on the field, where he led by example,
            and socially. For the 2 years he was Captain he had a task which became
            increasingly difficult as the number of players fell, games became fewer,
            and morale suffered accordingly. From his early days with the Club when he
            wrote an article in the Times of Malta (History of the Club, page 130)
            called 'Rugby is a Fascinating Game', and later as Liaison Government
            Schools, he did his utmost to build a side for the future (page 155). Right
            to the end he fought to keep Overseas alive and for the game to continue in
            Malta. Perhaps he will succeed with the latter.
          </p>

          <p>
            From watching David play rugby in Malta, it is my belief that, if he had
            played for a U.K. team such as Moseley, with their high standard of players,
            opposition and training, he would have been a class player. Nevertheless,
            David really enjoyed his rugby.
          </p>

          <table>
            <tbody>
            <tr>
              <td>Member of Club</td>
              <td>1974</td>
              <td>8 years</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
              <td>Liaison Government Schools</td>
              <td>1977/78</td>
              <td></td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
              <td>Hon. Membership Secretary</td>
              <td>1978/80</td>
              <td>2 years</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
              <td>Hon. Social Secretary</td>
              <td>1978/79</td>
              <td></td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
              <td>Team Captain</td>
              <td>1978/80</td>
              <td>2 years</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
              <td colspan="3">
                Caretaker Committee, October, 1980, to January, 1982
              </td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
              <td colspan="3">
                Most Improved Player of the Year, 1974/75
              </td>
            </tr>
            </tbody>
          </table>
        </section>

        <section id="chapter-29-4-6">
          <h4 epub:type="title">Charles Borda</h4>

          <p>
            For most of his 8 years with the Club Charlie Borda was either Bar Manager
            or served as a Volunteer Barman. In this he gave valuable service to
            Overseas especially as from at least 1979 onwards the Club House was a vital
            link in holding Members, and so the Club, together. Charles, together with
            his wife Doris, organised the last two Annual Dinner Dances held by the
            Club.
          </p>

          <p>
            Charlie's dedication and hard work as Bar Manager was matched only by his
            love for the game of rugby, and his keenness for anything appertaining to
            it. He also worked hard to stave off the inevitable closure.
          </p>

          <table>
            <tbody>
            <tr>
              <td>Member of Club</td>
              <td>1974</td>
              <td>8 years</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
              <td>Bar Manager</td>
              <td>1978/80</td>
              <td>2 years</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
              <td colspan="3">
                Caretaker Committee, October, 1980, to January, 1982
              </td>
            </tr>
            </tbody>
          </table>
        </section>
      </section>

      <section id="chapter-29-5" epub:type="z3998:subchapter">
        <h3 epub:type="title">Closing Committee</h3>

        <p>
          In the main History of Overseas I named the first Officials of the
          Club. Now, to close the final Chapter, I will list those Officials who
          served Overseas at the end.
        </p>

        <table>
          <tbody>
          <tr>
            <th>C. Fox</th>
            <td>Chairman and Administrator</td>
          </tr>
          <tr>
            <th>J. Sharp</th>
            <td>
              Vice President - Life Member, and aptly named 'Patron' of Overseas
            </td>
          </tr>
          <tr>
            <th>T. Agius-Ferrante</th>
            <td>Hon. Treasurer</td>
          </tr>
          <tr>
            <th>G. Attard</th>
            <td>Hon. Secretary</td>
          </tr>
          <tr>
            <th>Committee Members:</th>
            <td>
              <ul>
                <li>D. Schembri</li>
                <li>C. Borda</li>
                <li>J. Micallef</li>
                <li>C. Mock</li>
                <li>J. Young</li>
                <li>L. Vella Brincat</li>
                <li>D. Gribbon</li>
              </ul>
            </td>
          </tr>
          </tbody>
        </table>

        <p>
          The longer serving members I have previously mentioned at length. Space does
          not allow more to be said about the other Committee Members but all served
          Overseas well and helped to lay a great Club to rest in 'grand style and
          with dignity'.
        </p>
      </section>
    </section>
  </body>
</html>
