<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
      xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops"
      epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/, se: https://standardebooks.org/vocab/1.0"
      xml:lang="en-GB">
  <head>
    <title>1969/70</title>
    <link href="../css/core.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
    <link href="../css/local.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body epub:type="bodymatter z3998:fiction">
    <section id="chapter-18" epub:type="chapter">
        <!--PAGE 084-->
        <h2 epub:type="title">1969/70</h2>

        <p>
          Annual General Meeting, Marsa Lodge, 11th September, 1969
        </p>

        <p>
          The following Officials were elected:
        </p>

        <table class="elected-officials">
          <tr>
            <th>President</th>
            <td>Mr. J.P. Ratcliffe</td>
            <td></td>
          </tr>
          <tr>
            <th>Vice-Presidents</th>
            <td>
              <ul>
                <li>Mr. J. Christie</li>
                <li>Mr. F. Kitson</li>
                <li>Mr. J. Handford</li>
                <li>Mr. P. Henshall</li>
              </ul>
            </td>
            <td></td>
          </tr>
          <tr>
            <th>Hon. Secretary</th>
            <td>Mr. T.N. Ricketts</td>
            <td></td>
          </tr>
          <tr>
            <th>Hon. Treasurer</th>
            <td>Mr. G. Sharkey</td>
            <td></td>
          </tr>
          <tr>
            <th>Hon. Social Secretary</th>
            <td>Mr. C. Charlton</td>
            <td></td>
          </tr>
          <tr>
            <th>Club House/Bar Manager</th>
            <td>Mr. R. Daley</td>
            <td></td>
          </tr>
          <tr>
            <th>Team Captain and Hon. Fixture Secretary</th>
            <td>Mr. P. Miller</td>
            <td></td>
          </tr>
          <tr>
            <th>Team Vice Captain</th>
            <td>Mr. E. McClure</td>
            <td></td>
          </tr>
          <tr>
            <th>Tours Secretary</th>
            <td>Mr. A. Bragger</td>
            <td></td>
          </tr>
          <tr>
            <th>Selection Committee</th>
            <td>
              <ul>
                <li>Mr. P. Miller</li>
                <li>Mr. E. McClure</li>
                <li>Mr. F. Kitson</li>
              </ul>
            </td>
            <td>(F. Kitson elected in Committee, 25.9.69.)</td>
          </tr>
          <tr>
            <th>Team Trainer</th>
            <td>Mr. D. Williams</td>
            <td></td>
          </tr>
          <tr>
            <th>Student Representative</th>
            <td>Mr. J. Norris</td>
            <td></td>
          </tr>
          <tr>
            <th>Inter Service Representatives</th>
            <td>
              <ul>
                <li>Sub. Lt. J. Miller, R.N.</li>
                <li>Fl. Lt. L.C.V. Hill, R.A.F.</li>
                <li>Capt. M. Adams, Army</li>
              </ul>
            </td>
            <td></td>
          </tr>
          <tr>
            <th>
              Fixture Card 1969/70 printed after the start of the season <br />
              gave Inter-Service Representatives as the following:
            </th>
            <td>
              <ul>
                <li>Surg. Cdr. R. Pearson, R.N.</li>
                <li>W.O. W. Thomas, Army</li>
                <li>F/O N. Radcliffe, R.A.F.</li>
              </ul>
            </td>
            <td></td>
          </tr>
          <tr>
            <th>Social Committee</th>
            <td>
              <ul>
                <li>Mr. C. Charlton (Secretary)</li>
                <li>Mr. M. Farman</li>
                <li>Mr. J. Why</li>
                <li>Mr. R. Walker</li>
                <li>Mr. H. Fudge</li>
                <li>Mr. D. Davies</li>
                <li>Mr. B. Lloyd</li>
              </ul>
            </td>
            <td></td>
          </tr>
          <tr>
            <th>Club Bar Helpers</th>
            <td>
              <ul>
                <li>Mr. R. Daley (Manager)</li>
                <li>Mr. B. Jackson</li>
                <li>Mr. R. Walker</li>
                <li>Mr. R. Nicol</li>
                <li>Mr. M. Farman</li>
                <li>Mr. P. Henshall</li>
                <li>Mr. D. Davies</li>
              </ul>
            </td>
            <td></td>
          </tr>
        </table>

        <p>
          The President, Mr. J.P. Ratcliffe, in his address thanked the three
          Services, placing on record the fact that without them we would have no Club
          House, no pitch, no referees, no opposition, no Rugby, and therefore no
          Overseas. In other words we would cease to exist. Over the years, since the
          inception of the Club, this Statement has remained mostly true, and the fact
          that in this situation we have remained a completely 'Civilian' Club, and I
          believe, the centre of Rugby in Malta, is unique. Ratty could have said that
          we have relied on Service personnel joining the Club as 'Civilians' for a
          fair percentage of our players, in varying degrees, over the years. It must
          be said that we have not always relied on the Services for a Club House, we
          have provided the occasional 'Civilian' referees, and the only non Service
          opposition has been the odd touring team.
        </p>

        <p>
          The President also commented on the fact that although we had heard nothing
          official, it was rumoured that part or the whole of the Marsa grounds may be
          returned to the Malta Government. This included our Club House at the
          Marsa. Apparently these rumours came from various press reports. This
          fortunately did not happen until after the withdrawal of the <!--PAGE 085-->
          British Services in 1972.
        </p>

        <p>
          Peter Ratcliffe resigned from office on the 27th April, 1970, after 4 years
          as a very popular and hard working President, and finally left Malta in
          July, 1970. Ratty had been a member of 'Seas since 1961. Besides his term as
          President, he had been Vice-President for 2 years, 1964-66, on the Selection
          Committee, 1965-69, and also served on the Social Committee, 1962/63. I will
          always remember Ratty as 'Il Magnifico Presidente' on Overseas' Tour to
          Messina, Sicily, in January, 1968.
        </p>

        <p>
          One must also mention Brian Jackson who left Malta in July, 1970, after
          being a playing member of 'Seas since 1964. Jacko was Team Captain/Team
          Secretary for 2 years, 1966-68, Club House/Bar Manager for 3 years, 1966-69,
          and for good measure served as an ordinary member of the Bar Committee,
          1965/66, and the Social Committee for 3 years, 1966-69. I have already
          written about his prowess on the field - his record of points scored in one
          season for Overseas (187) has never been beaten.
        </p>

        <p>
          Ratty and Jacko were two 'Characters', the kind of people a Club revolves
          round and finds hard to replace.
        </p>

        <h3>Playing Season</h3>

        <p>
          The playing season started on the 18th October with a game against the old
          enemy, the Nomads, a team formed from Army small units. Up to February,
          Overseas had very poor results, winning 4 games out of 16, and beating only
          2 sides, Nomads (3 times) and the 1 Lancs Regt. From February to April it
          was a different story, we won 7 games out of 9, including victories over the
          Army (Malta), John Evans XV and H.M.S. Hermes.
        </p>

        <p>
          The outstanding features of this season was the efforts made by
          Mr. A. Bragger, Overseas Tours Secretary, and the Committee under President
          Peter Ratcliffe and Hon. Secretary, Trevor Ricketts, to take Overseas on
          tour and to attract tourists to Malta. Unfortunately, with little
          success. Mr. Bragger wrote to Clubs at Reggio and Tripoli, also Universities
          at Messina, Catania and Palermo, asking for home and away fixtures. Attempts
          were made to attract Petersham Rugby Club, Australia, via a contact in U.K.,
          Clifton R.U.F.C., England, and a French team from near Paris, to tour Malta.
        </p>

        <p>
          Petersham Rugby Club was on a World Tour but it turned out that Malta was
          not one of their ports of call. The French team, under Philippe Dorsemain,
          wished to visit Malta for one week between the 20th March and the 4th April,
          1970, and it would appear that difficulty in arranging accommodation in
          Malta, leaving little time to arrange the tour, was the main reason why it
          was called off. Philippe had been an Overseas player for at least 2 years,
          approximately 1965-67. Clifton R.U.F.C. showed interest in visiting Malta and it
          would appear that lack of communication resulted in disappointment. We
          actually received an invitation from Catania for Overseas to go on tour at
          Easter only to have to call it off through lack of support from Overseas
          players.
        </p>

        <p>
          In spite of all the hard work, the only team to visit Malta, as a result of
          arrangements made by Overseas Committee, was John <!--PAGE 086--> Evans XV
          from S. Wales on their third tour. During their short tour, 25th to 31st
          March, 1970, they played against Overseas and also against the Combined
          Services. Once again they were accommodated in Lintorn Barracks, by kind
          permission of the Army (Malta) authorities. There is no record of the names
          of players and officials included in the party, although one must assume
          that they were not quite as strong as in their previous two tours as
          Overseas beat them 18 - 15. The Tour was a great success.
        </p>

        <p>
          The other touring teams, Army (Cyprus) who remained unbeaten during their
          short tour, R.A.F. (Cyprus), and the R.A.F. Training College, Cranwell,
          (Sleaford, Lincs.) were arranged by the Services.
        </p>

        <table>
          <tr>
            <th colspan="2">Touring Teams</th>
          </tr>
          <tr>
            <td>Army (Cyprus)</td>
            <td>21st to 28th November, 1969</td>
          </tr>
          <tr>
            <td>R.A.F. Cranwell</td>
            <td>29th December 1969, to 2nd January, 1970</td>
          </tr>
          <tr>
            <td>R.A.F. (Cyprus)</td>
            <td>Approximately, 21st February, 1970</td>
          </tr>
          <tr>
            <td>John Evans XV</td>
            <td>26th to 31st March, 1970</td>
          </tr>
        </table>

        <p>
          Overseas entered the Inter Service 7's on the 14th March, 1970. No record
          remains of the results.
        </p>

        <p>
          Several players who had been Overseas stalwarts for a number of years left
          Malta at the end of the season. These included John Why; Peter Henshall;
          Eddie McClure and Adrian Wirth. The Cup for the 'Most Improved Player' of
          the year was won by Mr. M. Farman.
        </p>

        <table>
          <thead>
            <tr>
              <th colspan="2">
                OVERSEAS PLAYERS - LIST OF APPEARANCES DURING SEASON 1969/70
              </th>
            </tr>
          </thead>
          <tbody>
            <tr><td>24</td><td>Little</td></tr>
            <tr><td>23</td><td>Kiddle</td></tr>
            <tr><td>22</td><td>Daley</td></tr>
            <tr><td>20</td><td>Handford</td></tr>
            <tr><td>19</td><td>Miller</td></tr>
            <tr><td>18</td><td>Bragger; Harris</td></tr>
            <tr><td>17</td><td>Rice</td></tr>
            <tr><td>16</td><td>Collinson</td></tr>
            <tr><td>14</td><td>Ricketts; Farman</td></tr>
            <tr><td>13</td><td>Mullis</td></tr>
            <tr><td>11</td><td>Riley</td></tr>
            <tr><td>9</td><td>Hynes</td></tr>
            <tr><td>8</td><td>Symes; Duffield; Phillips; Evans</td></tr>
            <tr><td>7</td><td>Fudge; Wirth; Haley; Coulter; McClure</td></tr>
            <tr><td>5</td><td>Henshall</td></tr>
            <tr><td>4</td><td>Moore; Armstrong; Norris; Pearey; Seaton</td></tr>
            <tr><td>3</td><td>Aitken; Davies</td></tr>
            <tr><td>2</td><td>Flatt; Why; Brook; Chadwick; Walsh; Turnbull</td></tr>
            <tr><td>25</td><td>Players had 1 game for the Club</td></tr>
          </tbody>
        </table>

        <h3>Playing Record for 1969/70</h3>

        <table class="playing-record playing-record-rugby">
          <thead>
            <tr>
              <th>Team</th>
              <th>Played</th>
              <th>Won</th>
              <th>Drawn</th>
              <th>Lost</th>
              <th>Points For</th>
              <th>Points Against</th>
            </tr>
          </thead>
          <tbody>
            <tr>
              <th>1st XV</th>
              <td>25</td>
              <td>11</td>
              <td>0</td>
              <td>14</td>
              <td>276</td>
              <td>274</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
              <th>2nd XV</th>
              <td>2</td>
              <td>1</td>
              <td>0</td>
              <td>1</td>
              <td>9</td>
              <td>37</td>
            </tr>
          </tbody>
        </table>

        <!--PAGE 087-->
        <h3>Social Events 1969/70</h3>

        <p>
          Mr. T.N. Ricketts, Hon. Secretary, reporting in the absence of
          Mr. C. Charlton (returned to U.K. in July, 1970) said that the Social Life
          of the Club was not as successful as previous year, the exception being the
          Annual Dinner Dance, which he described as the 'best we have ever had'.
        </p>

        <p>
          The only other function reported was a Hot Pot organised at the Club House
          for John Evans party in March.
        </p>

        <p>
          The Annual Dinner Dance was held at the Marsa (USSC) on the 17th April,
          1970. This was a very enjoyable night, just over 100 attending. The
          arrangements were made by Mr. Charlton.
        </p>

        <p>
          The Club House was closed during the month of August.
        </p>
    </section>
  </body>
</html>
