<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
      xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops"
      epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/, se: https://standardebooks.org/vocab/1.0"
      xml:lang="en-GB">
  <head>
    <title>1953 - 58</title>
    <link href="../css/core.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
    <link href="../css/local.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body epub:type="bodymatter z3998:fiction">
    <section id="chapter-5" epub:type="chapter">
      <!--PAGE 020-->
      <h2 epub:type="title">1953 - 58</h2>

      <p>
        Due more to circumstances than any desire for change on the part of
        succeeding Overseas Committees, 1952 seemed to be the end of an era for the
        Club. Perhaps it was partly due to the fact that all of the original
        Committee, including the Founder Members, had now left Malta. Nevertheless,
        the aims and objects of the Club remained the same. This was confirmed by
        the notices in newspapers, and objects of the Club being presented to
        joining members.
      </p>

      <p>
        For information about the years, 1953 to 1956, I am indebted to Mike
        Phillips, Treasurer, 1953-56, and to John Chapman, Secretary, 1954-56. From
        1953 to 1956 at least they did function as a Committee, although I am told
        that things were very informal, not many meetings took place and there is no
        record of any A.G.M. On the other hand, the only remaining written record of
        a pre 1958 Committee Meeting, is that of a meeting which took place on the
        27th November, 1954. All meetings were still held at the homes of Officials,
        or at a 'bar just off Sliema Front (Tower Road) opposite the Lotto
        Office'. This could be Charlie's Bar again.
      </p>

      <p>
        At the meeting mentioned above it was confirmed that the Club colours were
        still navy blue and white hoops, with a second set of jerseys, colours red
        and white hoops. With effect from the date of the meeting, the fee for club
        Membership was: Playing Members, £1 per annum and 1/- per game. Non Playing
        Members, 10/- per annum. Present at the meeting were Messrs J. Chapman,
        Hon. Secretary, R.W.M. Sanderson, Captain, M. Phillips, Hon. Treasurer, and
        T. Clark, Committee Member.
      </p>

      <p>
        The main change during this period was the gradual decline in the number of
        non service members in the Club. One tries not to make a distinction between
        service and civilian members as ail are part of the Club, but one is forced
        to at times, and it will be shown that, at least in 1956, team sheets had
        names of players selected with their units side by side. In 1954 the only
        civilian members were Mike Phillips and John Chapman. When I rejoined the Club
        in November, 1956, I was the only civilian member. Another change which took
        place was a variation of the name of the Club. With Overseas playing at Ta'
        Qali, it became a habit of the players to call in at the Melita Hotel, San
        Anton Gardens, after a game. Both John and Mike mention this fact, also the
        fact that the Melita Hotel played a great part in the social life of the
        Club during the period 1954 to 1956. Perhaps this was also true prior to
        1954. I know that after 1956 the players still used the Melita Hotel for
        drinks after a match although, it was not part of the main social life of
        the Club. When the variation in the name took place it is difficult to say,
        both informants are vague on this point, but definitely at the start of the
        1956/57 season, the Club was known as the Overseas
        R.F.C. (Melita's). Official circulars were headed 'The Overseas Rugby
        Football Club (The Melita's)', or, 'Melitas, Overseas Rugby Club, Malta' and
        often referred to as the 'Melita's'.
      </p>

      <p>
        Although it was intended to hold an Annual General Meeting at the start of
        the 1956/57 season, it did not in fact take place as the Suez crisis had set
        things so far back. The Secretary for 1956/57, Jim Osbourne, did send a
        letter to players of the previous season, asking them to attend a get
        <!--PAGE 021--> together at Montgomery House, Floriana, on the 19th October,
        1956, in order to form plans with a view to calling an A.G.M. No record
        remains of this get together, and possibly the Suez crisis forced its
        cancellation.
      </p>

      <p>
        Although Overseas was still a civilian Club in name at the beginning of the
        1956/57 season, it was virtually a service side and there was no Club life.
        There was no Club House and no Committee. There was no A.G.M. to appeal to
        civilians, and information and enrolment forms were distributed through
        service channels. In fairness to Jim Osbourne, there were no other civilian
        members to bring into the team, and the objects and functions of the Club,
        as promulgated to members and units, prove that it was still a Civilian Club
        and not just a Service team. At the start of the 1957/58 season another
        civilian, Jim Swain, joined the Club. The following team sheet shows the
        variation in the name of the Club, make up of the team and units in which
        players served.
      </p>

      <blockquote>
        <h4>The Overseas Rugby Football Club (The Melita's)</h4>

        <p>
          The undermentioned have been selected to represent the Club against the
          Naval Shore Establishments XV on Sunday, 2nd Dec 56 at Ta' Qali kick off
          1500hrs. All players are requested to be at the pavilion by 1445hrs.
        </p>

        <p>
          Shirts will be provided by the Secretary but players are requested to
          provide their own shorts, boots and stockings.
        </p>

        <table>
          <tr>
            <td>Capt Osbourne</td>
            <td>RAPC</td>
            <td></td>
          </tr>
          <tr>
            <td colspan="3">
              <hr />
            </td>
          </tr>

          <tr>
            <td>Lt. Templeton</td>
            <td>R.N.</td>
            <td></td>
          </tr>
          <tr>
            <td>Surg/Lt. Marks</td>
            <td>R.N.</td>
            <td>(Captain)</td>
          </tr>
          <tr>
            <td>Lt. Dicketts</td>
            <td>R.M.</td>
            <td></td>
          </tr>
          <tr>
            <td>AB Fisher</td>
            <td>R.N.</td>
            <td></td>
          </tr>
          <tr>
            <td colspan="3">
              <hr />
            </td>
          </tr>

          <tr>
            <td>Sjt Garrett</td>
            <td>R. Sigs</td>
            <td></td>
          </tr>
          <tr>
            <td>Mr. Morgan</td>
            <td>Dingli</td>
            <td></td>
          </tr>
          <tr>
            <td colspan="3">
              <hr />
            </td>
          </tr>

          <tr>
            <td>WO II Hughes</td>
            <td>RAPC</td>
            <td></td>
          </tr>
          <tr>
            <td>Capt Ross</td>
            <td>RAMC</td>
            <td></td>
          </tr>
          <tr>
            <td>Cpl Graham</td>
            <td>REME</td>
            <td></td>
          </tr>
          <tr>
            <td>Capt Musto</td>
            <td>R.M.</td>
            <td></td>
          </tr>
          <tr>
            <td>Capt Bobby</td>
            <td>REME</td>
            <td></td>
          </tr>
          <tr>
            <td>Cpl Parish</td>
            <td>RAPC</td>
            <td></td>
          </tr>
          <tr>
            <td>Sjt Gray</td>
            <td>R.M.</td>
            <td></td>
          </tr>
          <tr>
            <td>Lt. Gardner</td>
            <td>R.M.</td>
            <td></td>
          </tr>
        </table>

        <p>
          Personnel unable to play are requested to inform the Secretary by return
          post or by telephone. It would be appreciated if those willing to play
          would also confirm to the Secretary. The Secretary can be contacted as
          under:
        </p>

        <ul>
          <li>
            Command Pay Office Floriana Telephone Fortress 191 (Between 0800hrs and
            1330hrs)
          </li>
          <li>
            25 Buskett Road, Rabat. Telephone Rabat 147 (out of office hours)
          </li>
        </ul>

        <p>
          (A J Osbourne), Hon. Sec., Overseas Rugby Football Club
        </p>
      </blockquote>

      <!--PAGE 022-->
      <h3>Notice Inserted in Newspaper, 1954</h3>

      <p>
        The following notice was inserted in the Times of Malta on the 15th October,
        1954:
      </p>

      <blockquote>
        <h4>Overseas R.F.C.</h4>

        <p>
          The Overseas Rugby Club in Malta exists mainly for the benefit of
          U.K. based Service and Civilian members of units, ships, etc. unable to
          form a XV of their own.
        </p>

        <p>
          Matches are played weekly, Saturday or Sunday, usually at Ta' Qali.
        </p>

        <p>
          Anyone interested is invited to contact Mr. J.H. Chapman, Tel. No/ Dockyard
          7276 for details, as it is hoped to start play in the very near future.
        </p>
      </blockquote>

      <h3>Objects and Membership, 1956</h3>

      <p>
        The following information was given to all members and prospective members
        at the beginning of the 1956/57 season:
      </p>

      <blockquote>
        <p>
          The object of the Club is to help foster the true 'Rugger' spirit on the
          island by providing facilities for:
        </p>

        <ol type="a">
          <li>
            All Service and Civilian Rugger players who are unable to play for
            any other Rugger team, i.e. Members of Units unable to field a side.
          </li>
          <li>
            All Service and Civilian Rugger players, who, although committed to
            play for a unit during the week, wish to play 'Club' rugger over the
            weekend.
          </li>
          <li>
            Non-playing rugger enthusiasts who may support the club and join in
            its social life.
          </li>
          <li>
            It is appreciated of course, that in the case of (b) above, the Service
            units have first call on their players.
          </li>
          <li>
            The Club colours are (a) navy blue and white hoops (b) red and white
            hoops.
          </li>
        </ol>
      </blockquote>

      <p>Membership was divided into three categories:</p>

      <ol type="a">
        <li>
          <strong>Full Member</strong><br />
          Annual subscription of 30/- , no match fees.<br />
          This type of member whose subscriptions were fully paid on leaving the
          Club received an inscribed tankard as follows:
          <ul>
            <li>1 season's membership: ½ pint tankard</li>
            <li>2 or more season's membership: 1 pint tankard</li>
          </ul>
        </li>
        <li>
          <strong>Associate Member</strong><br />
          No Annual subscription, match fee 1/- per game.
        </li>
        <li>
          <strong>Non-playing Member</strong><br />
          Annual subscription 10/-.
        </li>
      </ol>

      <p>
        Presenting a tankard seemed a novel way of getting members to pay
        subscriptions, although it would appear that the attraction was not big
        enough (or some members did not drink). There is a record of 8 members not
        paying subs for season 1955/56, <!--PAGE 023--> Expenditure on tankards at
        the end of the 1955/56 season was £10, i.e. 3 pint and 6 half pint
        tankards. The practice was discontinued after 1957/58 season. In later
        years, over different periods, tankards have been presented to leaving
        members, but never tied to membership subscriptions.
      </p>

      <p>
        The significant point of the above is that the object of the Club is now to
        provide rugby for <em>all</em> Service and Civilian players, not to
        'U.K. based only'.
      </p>

      <h3>Overseas on the Field, 1953-58</h3>

      <p>
        Overseas teams played through seasons 1953-58 with a high degree of
        success. Mike Phillips describes 1953-56 as '3 jolly good seasons'
        rugbywise, and this can also be said of the 1956-58 seasons. All games, at
        least during 1954-56 were played on a Sunday. The intention for 1956-58 was
        to play on Saturdays, with the odd game on Sundays, and if membership
        allowed, subject to the availability of a ground, to run both a Saturday XV
        and a Sunday XV. We did not in fact succeed in turning out two XVs, and kept
        mainly to Saturday games. Complete lists of games and results for 1954/55
        and 1955/56, provided by John Chapman, have been included at the back of
        this history. Fixtures and results for the remainder of this period are
        either skimpy or not available. John Chapman also provided names of a
        successful team for 1953/54, also a list of players selected for Overseas
        teams during the same period, both included in the following pages.
      </p>

      <p>
        One of the outstanding players and personalities of Overseas during the
        1953-56 period was John Mark, the athlete who, whilst at Cambridge carried
        the Olympic flame into the arena for the London Olympics (1952). A highlight
        during a game in 1955/56 is described by John Chapman as follows: "Overseas
        in 1955-56 lost to an R.A.F. (Malta) representative side 14-3. The
        R.A.F. side wanted a trial match prior to a short tour in French North
        Africa. Overseas spent about 90% of the match defending their own
        line. Then, from a kick out John Mark deceived the R.A.F. with his kick
        direction and sped after it like a whirlwind to score a try." Mike Phillips
        tells of one occasion when John Mark went over the line with 3 men hanging
        on to him. Perhaps something most rugby players have seen before, but a feat
        we always remember. Other remembered stalwarts of this era are 'Doc' Taylor,
        Mike Aldridge, Tony Clarke, Jock Stewart and John Kirkup.
      </p>

      <p>
        In 1956/57 the first half of the season was affected by the Suez crisis and
        little thought was given to rugby. The rugby pitches at the Marsa were
        covered with tents and equipment not to mention heavy military vehicles, and
        the pitches were ruined. The only pitch at the Marsa which could be played
        on was the one nearest and parallel to the Stadium. At least one game was
        played on this pitch by the 'Forts' whilst tents and equipment still covered
        the rest of the pitches. For the most part of what remained of this season
        all games were played at Ta' Qali, whilst the whole of the rugby playing
        area at the Marsa was being re-surfaced. The first game for Overseas in the
        1956/57 season was on the 2nd December against the Forts at Ta' Qali.
      </p>

      <p>
        I personally remember seasons 1956/57 and 1957/58 with pleasure. During the
        first season I used to turn up for any <!--PAGE 024--> Service game played
        during the week with my kit, and again during the second season with
        Overseas Team Captain, Jim Swain, hoping teams would turn up short. We must
        have played for all teams on the Island, sometimes on opposite sides.
      </p>

      <p>
        During the same two seasons important changes took place regarding teams on
        the Island. Both changes, the formation of two new teams, the Naval Shore
        Establishments (Forts) and the Nomads, affected Overseas very much. They
        further weakened the Overseas XV at the same time providing much needed
        extra opposition.
      </p>

      <h3>Naval Shore Establishments (The Forts) R.F.C.</h3>

      <p>
        The Naval Shore Establishments (The Forts) R.F.C. was formed at the
        beginning of the 1956/57 season. Previously, all naval players without a
        service team had been able to play for Overseas, now their allegiance was to
        the Forts. All persons stationed at or attached to Naval Shore
        Establishments, W/T Stations etc., excluding H.M.S. Falcon (Hal Far), were
        automatically Associate Members of the Forts. Either by representing the
        Forts at rugby or by subscribing the sum of 2/- to Club Funds they became
        Full Members.
      </p>

      <h3>The Nomads</h3>

      <p>
        At the beginning of the 1957/58 season the small army units based on Malta
        joined together to form a team called the Nomads, later to be called the
        Signets. This change did not affect Overseas quite so much as the Forts did
        in the previous season. The Nomads was only a team whereas the Forts formed
        a Club. Nevertheless, Overseas Members who played for the Nomads, or the
        Forts, owed their allegiance first to the Service team.
      </p>

      <h3>Social Activities, 1953-58</h3>

      <p>
        Between 1953 and 1956 the Melita Hotel played a great part in the social
        life of the Club. Not only did Overseas players stop at the Melita after a
        game at Ta' Qali, but at least one successful Club dinner was held
        there. The only other reported social activity during this period was a
        combined Overseas/E.R.A. Rugby Ball held at the Phoenicia Hotel. This
        function was a success with the inevitable rugby posts, made with bamboo and
        paper, at each end of the ball room, with the respective club colours.
      </p>

      <p>
        Between 1956 and 1958 there was almost no social activity. First, the Suez
        crisis made it impossible for the first half of the 1956/57 season, and
        secondly, perhaps the main reason, was that being by this time virtually a
        Service team, the Service men had their own organised functions. The
        Secretary, Jim Osbourne, wrote that he would organise social functions
        according to demand, and this proved negative. The end of season dinner
        which was to have been held at the Mocambo Restaurant, St. Paul's Bay, on the
        2nd March, 1957, was cancelled due to lack of support.
      </p>

      <h3>Overseas Club Badge</h3>

      <p>
        Both John Chapman and Mike Phillips speak of a Club blazer badge which was
        designed by Mike and produced for the <!--PAGE 025--> Club Members in
        1954/55. This was a splendidly worked badge in gold and different coloured
        wire thread, and made to order by an elderly Maltese lady who was renowned
        for similar work for Service badges. The motif depicted a rugby ball in the
        top left corner over 'Seas' in the bottom right corner, with a thick band of
        blue, bordered each side by a thin white stripe (Overseas colours), going
        from top right to bottom left. In the middle of the seas was a Maltese Cross
        in Maltese national colours, one half of the cross red and the other half
        white.
      </p>

      <p>
        In 1975/76 this design was used to produce a wooden plaque, a photo of which
        is shown at the back of this history.
      </p>

      <blockquote>
        <h4>Most Successful Team for Season 1953/54</h4>
        <table>
          <tr><td>Full Back</td><td>Liddel</td></tr>
          <tr><td>Left Wing</td><td>Chapman</td></tr>
          <tr><td>Left Centre</td><td>Norseworthy</td></tr>
          <tr><td>Right Centre</td><td>Hall</td></tr>
          <tr><td>Right Wing</td><td>Blackmore</td></tr>
          <tr><td>Fly Half</td><td>Sanderson</td></tr>
          <tr><td>Scrum Half</td><td>Howells</td></tr>
          <tr><td>Right Prop</td><td>Regan</td></tr>
          <tr><td>Hooker</td><td>Claset</td></tr>
          <tr><td>Left Prop</td><td>Phillips</td></tr>
          <tr><td>Second Row</td><td>Fogden</td></tr>
          <tr><td>Second Row</td><td>Commins</td></tr>
          <tr><td>Wing Forward (Open)</td><td>Mather</td></tr>
          <tr><td>Lock</td><td>Timms</td></tr>
          <tr><td>Wing Forward (Blind)</td><td>Bodman or Clark</td></tr>
        </table>
      </blockquote>

      <h3>Players at Various Times (1953-56)</h3>

      <p>
        As given by John Chapman:
      </p>

      <ul>
        <li>Robertson</li>
        <li>Sanderson</li>
        <li>Howells</li>
        <li>Clark</li>
        <li>Claset</li>
        <li>Fogden</li>
        <li>Camplin</li>
        <li>R. Commins,</li>
        <li>M. Phillips</li>
        <li>Evans</li>
        <li>Morrison</li>
        <li>Kirkup</li>
        <li>Capstick</li>
        <li>Allison</li>
        <li>Wright</li>
        <li>P. Aldrich,</li>
        <li>T. Young</li>
        <li>Thompson</li>
        <li>Cardno</li>
        <li>M. Bobby</li>
        <li>J. Osbourne</li>
        <li>Vallings</li>
      </ul>

      <p>
        At least M. Bobby and J. Osbourne played in 1956-58.
      </p>
    </section>
  </body>
</html>
