<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/, se: https://standardebooks.org/vocab/1.0" xml:lang="en-GB">
	<head>
		<title>1961/62</title>
		<link href="../css/core.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
		<link href="../css/local.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
	</head>
	<body epub:type="bodymatter z3998:non-fiction">
		<section id="chapter-7" epub:type="chapter">
			<!--PAGE 047-->
			<h2 epub:type="title">1961/62</h2>
			<p>Annual General Meeting, Marsa Lodge, 12th October, 1961.</p>
			<p>The following Officials were elected.</p>
			<table class="elected-officials">
				<tbody>
					<tr>
						<th scope="row">President</th>
						<td><abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr> <abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">G. H. L.</abbr> Lord</td>
					</tr>
					<tr>
						<th scope="row">Vice-Presidents</th>
						<td>
							<ul>
								<li>
									<p>Captain <abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">D.</abbr> Gentle</p>
								</li>
								<li>
									<p><abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Lt.</abbr> <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Cdr.</abbr> <abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">S.</abbr> Parkin</p>
								</li>
								<li>
									<p><abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr> <abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">T. E.</abbr> Arrigo</p>
								</li>
								<li>
									<p>Major <abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">R.</abbr> Daniels</p>
								</li>
								<li>
									<p><abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Lt.</abbr> <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Col.</abbr> <abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">T. G.</abbr> Chambers (Retiring President)</p>
								</li>
								<li>
									<p><abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr> <abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">J.</abbr> Sharp (elected 9.1.62)</p>
								</li>
							</ul>
						</td>
					</tr>
					<tr>
						<th scope="row"><abbr epub:type="z3998:truncation">Hon.</abbr> Secretary and <abbr epub:type="z3998:truncation">Hon.</abbr> Team Secretary</th>
						<td><abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr> <abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">C. V.</abbr> Morris</td>
					</tr>
					<tr>
						<th scope="row"><abbr epub:type="z3998:truncation">Hon.</abbr> Treasurer</th>
						<td><abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr> <abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">J.</abbr> Kirkpatrick</td>
					</tr>
					<tr>
						<th scope="row"><abbr epub:type="z3998:truncation">Hon.</abbr> Fixture Secretary</th>
						<td><abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Lt.</abbr> <abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">B.</abbr> Walsh, <abbr epub:type="z3998:initialism">R.N.</abbr></td>
					</tr>
					<tr>
						<th scope="row"><abbr epub:type="z3998:truncation">Hon.</abbr> Social Secretary</th>
						<td><abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr> <abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">E.</abbr> Battye</td>
					</tr>
					<tr>
						<th scope="row">Club House/Bar Manager</th>
						<td><abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr> <abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">D.</abbr> Isted</td>
					</tr>
					<tr>
						<th scope="row">Team Captain</th>
						<td><abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr> <abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">R.</abbr> McGillivray</td>
					</tr>
					<tr>
						<th scope="row">Team Vice-Captain</th>
						<td><abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr> <abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">F.</abbr> Chapelle</td>
					</tr>
					<tr>
						<th scope="row">Social Committee</th>
						<td/>
					</tr>
					<tr>
						<th scope="row">Club Bar Committee:</th>
						<td>
							<ul>
								<li>
									<p><abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr> <abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">D.</abbr> Isted (Manager)</p>
								</li>
								<li>
									<p><abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr> <abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">J.</abbr> Kirkpatrick</p>
								</li>
								<li>
									<p><abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr> <abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">J.</abbr> Roberts</p>
								</li>
								<li>
									<p><abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr> <abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">E.</abbr> Bratt</p>
								</li>
								<li>
									<p><abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr> <abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">L.</abbr> Thacker</p>
								</li>
								<li>
									<p><abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr> <abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">H.</abbr> Griffiths</p>
								</li>
								<li>
									<p><abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr> <abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">C. V.</abbr> Morris</p>
								</li>
								<li>
									<p><abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr> <abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">B.</abbr> Walsh</p>
								</li>
							</ul>
						</td>
					</tr>
				</tbody>
			</table>
			<p>One of the main reports at this meeting was that of the Rules Sub-Committee. The Sub-Committee of <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Messrs.</abbr> <abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">C. V.</abbr> Morris, <abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">V.</abbr> Renyard and <abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">J.</abbr> Kirkpatrick had been formed on the 29th March, 1961, to discuss new and modified rules for the Club. The amended rules were put before the members at the <abbr epub:type="z3998:initialism">A.G.M.</abbr> and adopted in entirety without addition or deletion. This was the first revision of the rules since their formation in 1958, and the amendments were made as a result of 3 years’ experience in running the Club. Under the revised rules, the Officers of the Club were increased in number and included Vice-Presidents for the first time. The number of Vice-Presidents required was not stated. Unfortunately, there is no record of this working Committee’s reasoning, but at least in the case of <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr> <abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">T. E.</abbr> Arrigo, he was appointed Vice-President “in view of his past allegiance to the Rugby Union Code and more particularly for the excellent support and encouragement which he gave the team last season”. In general, since 1961, Vice-Presidency has been given for past service to the Club, but it has been an active position, and Vice-Presidents are “working” Members of the Club.</p>
			<p>Service Representatives sitting on Overseas Committee:</p>
			<table class="service-representatives">
				<tbody>
					<tr>
						<th scope="row">Army</th>
						<td>Captain <abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">S.</abbr> Ward</td>
					</tr>
					<tr>
						<th scope="row">
							<abbr class="eoc" epub:type="z3998:initialism">R.N.</abbr>
						</th>
						<td><abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Lt.</abbr> <abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">G.</abbr> Clayton</td>
					</tr>
					<tr>
						<th scope="row">
							<abbr class="eoc" epub:type="z3998:initialism">R.A.F.</abbr>
						</th>
						<td>Corporal <abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">W.</abbr> Brown</td>
					</tr>
				</tbody>
			</table>
			<p>Representatives of Joint Services attending Extraordinary Meeting of Overseas <abbr epub:type="z3998:initialism">R.U.F.C.</abbr> held on the 27th April, 1962, called to present half yearly Bar Account, were as follows:</p>
			<!--PAGE 048-->
			<table>
				<tbody>
					<tr>
						<th scope="row">Army</th>
						<td>
							<ul>
								<li>
									<p>Major <abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">K.</abbr> Perkins, <abbr class="eoc" epub:type="z3998:initialism">R.A.</abbr></p>
								</li>
								<li>
									<p>Sergeant <abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">J.</abbr> Mann, <abbr class="eoc" epub:type="z3998:initialism">R.A.P.C.</abbr></p>
								</li>
							</ul>
						</td>
					</tr>
					<tr>
						<th scope="row">
							<abbr class="eoc" epub:type="z3998:initialism">R.N.</abbr>
						</th>
						<td>
							<ul>
								<li>
									<p><abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Lt.</abbr> <abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">G.</abbr> Clayton</p>
								</li>
								<li>
									<p><abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">P.O.</abbr> <abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">F.</abbr> Prosser</p>
								</li>
							</ul>
						</td>
					</tr>
					<tr>
						<th scope="row">
							<abbr class="eoc" epub:type="z3998:initialism">R.A.F.</abbr>
						</th>
						<td>Corporal <abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">W.</abbr> Brown</td>
					</tr>
				</tbody>
			</table>
			<p>In October, 1961, Captain John Day left Malta, and so Overseas lost a very active Committee Member. John Day during the previous season(s) had been Secretary of the Army <abbr epub:type="z3998:initialism">R.U.</abbr> (Malta), Team Captain of Nomads <abbr epub:type="z3998:initialism">R.F.C.</abbr>, Nomads/Army Representative on the Overseas Bar Committee, and occasional player for Overseas 1959/60 when not committed to play for the Nomads. (Captained Overseas on the 26th December, 1960, against <abbr epub:type="z3998:initialism">H.M.S.</abbr> Ark Royal). Acting under <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Lt.</abbr> <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Col.</abbr> <abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">T. G.</abbr> Chambers, he was the person most active in discovering Marsa Lodge at the start of the 1960/61 season and receiving permission from the Army authorities for Overseas/Nomads to use it as a Club House.</p>
			<blockquote>
				<header role="presentation">
					<p class="h4">Rules as Revised by a Sub-Committee and Adopted at the <abbr epub:type="z3998:initialism">A.G.M.</abbr>, 12th October, 1961</p>
				</header>
				<ol>
					<li>
						<p>That the name of the Club be:- “THE OVERSEAS RUGBY UNION FOOTBALL CLUB, MALTA, <abbr class="eoc" epub:type="z3998:initialism">G.C.</abbr>”</p>
					</li>
					<li>
						<p>That the object of the Club is to help foster the true “Rugger” spirit on the Island by providing facilities for:</p><ol type="a"><li><p>ALL Service and Civilian rugger players who are unable to play for any other rugger team; <abbr epub:type="z3998:initialism">i.e.</abbr> Members of Units unable to field a side.</p></li> <li><p>ALL Service and Civilian rugger players, who although committed to play for a Unit side during the week, wish to play Club rugger over the weekend.</p></li> <li><p>Non-playing rugger enthusiasts who may support the Club and join its social life.</p></li></ol>
					</li>
					<li>
						<p>That the Club colours be Navy Blue and White hoops.</p>
					</li>
					<li>
						<p>That the Officers of the Club shall consist of the President, Vice-Presidents, <abbr epub:type="z3998:truncation">Hon.</abbr> Secretary, <abbr epub:type="z3998:truncation">Hon.</abbr> Treasurer, <abbr epub:type="z3998:truncation">Hon.</abbr> Fixture Secretary, <abbr epub:type="z3998:truncation">Hon.</abbr> Team Secretary, Team Captains, Bar Manager, Social Secretary. These Officers to hold office for one year and be elected by Members at an Annual General Meeting.</p>
					</li>
					<li>
						<p>That the management of the Club shall be entrusted to a General Committee consisting of such Officers as shall be elected at the Annual General Meeting. Liaison with the representatives of the Services shall be effected by means of Joint Services Rugby Representatives, who will sit on the Bar Management Committee.</p>
					</li>
					<li>
						<p>That the General Committee shall have the powers to fill any vacancies which may arise in their number during the course of the year, have full power to co-opt as may be found expedient and delegate any of its duties to such other Committees as may be necessary.</p>
					</li>
					<li>
						<p>A quorum for a General Committee shall be one third of the Committee.</p>
					</li>
					<!--PAGE 049-->
					<li>
						<p>Annual General Meeting to be held in October, and an Extraordinary Meeting to be held in April for submission of Playing Season Bar Account.</p>
					</li>
					<li>
						<p>Members to be given fourteen days notice of General Meetings. Items for inclusion on the Agenda to reach <abbr epub:type="z3998:truncation">Hon.</abbr> Secretary not less than seven days prior to the Meeting. Extraordinary General Meetings may be called by ten or more members or by a majority vote of the General Committee.</p>
					</li>
					<li>
						<p>That the sanction of two thirds of the number of Members present and voting at the Annual or Extraordinary General Meeting is required for the passing of any resolution to alter the rules. Any other resolution shall be passed by simple majority.</p>
					</li>
					<li>
						<p><strong>Membership</strong></p><ol type="a"><li><p>FULL Member: Annual Subscription 10/- and Match Fee 2/-</p></li> <li><p>SOCIAL Member: Annual Subscription 5/-</p></li> <li><p>STUDENT Member: Annual Subscription 2/6 and Match Fee 1/-</p></li> <li><p>TEMPORARY Member: Match Fee 2/- per match</p></li></ol><p>a, b, c, have full privileges.</p>
					</li>
					<li>
						<p>That these rules be placed on the Club Notice Board, a copy forwarded to each member.</p>
					</li>
				</ol>
			</blockquote>
			<section id="chapter-7-1" epub:type="z3998:subchapter">
				<h3 epub:type="title">Playing Season</h3>
				<p>The Team Captain, <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr> <abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">R.</abbr> McGillivray, in his short report on the playing season of 1961/62 made no reference to the playing activities but expressed his view that in fielding a <span epub:type="z3998:roman">XV</span> according to the fixture list the Overseas more than fulfilled their main object, <abbr epub:type="z3998:initialism">i.e.</abbr> to encourage the playing of Rugby Football in Malta.</p>
				<p>The President, <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr> <abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">G. H. L.</abbr> Lord, in his address, gave a brief outline of the many and varied highlights of the season saying it had been the best in recent years on and off the field. The best attended match from the point of spectators, according to the President, was undoubtedly the game against French cruiser “De Grasse”, the French Mediterranean Fleet champions, on the 26th November, 1961. Overseas fielded an invitation <span epub:type="z3998:roman">XV</span> for this game and did well to draw 3 points with their opponents. Overseas also fielded a Club side on the same day against <abbr epub:type="z3998:initialism">H.M.S.</abbr> Tiger and lost 0⁠–⁠6.</p>
				<p>A point to note is that during this season we received an invitation from the Secretary Army Rugby Union Malta, Major <abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">K.</abbr> Perkins, <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">M.B.E.</abbr>, <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">D.F.C.</abbr>, <abbr epub:type="z3998:initialism">R.A.</abbr>, to enter a team in the Inter Service Seven-a-side Competition held at the Marsa on the 11th February, 1962. In fact we entered two teams although there is no record of the result.</p>
			</section>
			<section id="chapter-7-2" epub:type="z3998:subchapter">
				<h3 epub:type="title">Playing Record for 1961/62</h3>
				<table class="playing-record playing-record-rugby">
					<thead>
						<tr>
							<th>Played</th>
							<th>Won</th>
							<th>Drawn</th>
							<th>Lost</th>
							<th>Points For</th>
							<th>Points Against</th>
						</tr>
					</thead>
					<tbody>
						<tr>
							<td>19</td>
							<td>8</td>
							<td>1</td>
							<td>10</td>
							<td>143</td>
							<td>209</td>
						</tr>
					</tbody>
				</table>
			</section>
			<section id="chapter-7-3" epub:type="z3998:subchapter">
				<!--PAGE 050-->
				<h3 epub:type="title">Insurance Cover for Players</h3>
				<p>On the 2nd November, 1961, it was proposed and passed in Committee that the Club would hold itself responsible for the insurance of all players playing for the Overseas <abbr class="eoc" epub:type="z3998:initialism">R.U.F.C.</abbr> A number of enquiries had already been made, with different Insurance Companies, by Members of the Committee dating back to the 28th December, 1960. On the 8th December, 1961, a Comprehensive Insurance cover for players (Personal accident) was taken out with insurers “Northern” through Lambert Brothers (Insurance) Ltd., Insurance Brokers, London. This covered Permanent Total Disablement - Scale compensation £1,000 per player and Temporary Total Disablement - £5 per week per player, payable up to 52 weeks in excess of the first 14 days’ disablement.</p>
				<p>Although this particular insurance cover was renewed up to the 8th December, 1968, it was obvious, even in 1964, that it was insufficient in its coverage. On the 22nd May, 1964, the <abbr epub:type="z3998:truncation">Hon.</abbr> Secretary was asked to investigate and obtain a more satisfactory Insurance Policy.</p>
				<p>The main problem was peculiar to Overseas. For the purpose of insurance one must think of players as Servicemen, <abbr epub:type="z3998:initialism">U.K.</abbr> based Civilians entitled to medical treatment (Service Hospital and Clinic) by virtue of their Service Employment in Malta, and non-entitled Civilians. The insurance with Lambert Brothers covered all players for permanent disablement and temporary disablement in excess of 14 days, but it did not cover injured players being examined and treated in hospital on the day of injury and having to report to the hospital or doctor for further treatment. Thus, an injured non-entitled Civilian, under the Insurance Policy in force at the time, would be out of pocket receiving medical treatment within 14 days of the injury, at the Maltese Hospital <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">St.</abbr> Lukes, or King George <span epub:type="z3998:roman">V</span> Hospital (originally built as a British Merchant Seamen Hospital).</p>
				<p>In consequence of above, and an injury to <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr> Paul Flack, early 1964, which pin-pointed the problem, the following rule was added to the Club Rules at the <abbr epub:type="z3998:initialism">A.G.M.</abbr> on the 15th October, 1964.</p>
				<blockquote>
					<p>“That the Club’s liability in respect of injuries sustained on the playing enclosure by playing members shall be limited to the terms of the Insurance Policy in force at the time of the injury.”</p>
				</blockquote>
				<p>On the 6th November, 1965, the Club submitted a proposal form for one unit of the Rugby Football Union Insurance for players, at a premium of 15/-, covering Death (£150 - £2,250) and Permanent Disablement (£375 - £1,500). This meant we had two insurances in force and although Lambert Brothers’ Insurance covered temporary disablement, we had taken it out on the basis of an excess for the first 14 days. Thus, we still had no insurance to cover the payment of hospital and doctor’s fees from the time of occurrence of injury.</p>
				<p>The problem was highlighted once again on the 19th December, 1965, when the team Captain, <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr> <abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">J.</abbr> Handford, suffered a fractured fibula. Jack, a non-entitled Civilian, was taken to <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">St.</abbr> Luke’s Hospital for treatment and initially had to pay the hospital bill himself. Immediately, the President (1965),<!--PAGE 051--> <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr> <abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">J.</abbr> Sharp, wrote to Surgeon Rear Admiral <abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">M. H.</abbr> Adams, <abbr epub:type="z3998:initialism">R.N.</abbr> Hospital, Bighi, requesting that injured players might be taken preferably to <abbr epub:type="z3998:initialism">R.N.H.</abbr> Bighi, or alternately King George <span epub:type="z3998:roman">V</span> Hospital, for examination and necessary treatment by <abbr epub:type="z3998:initialism">R.N.</abbr> Doctors. <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr> Sharp, in support of his request, explained that the Club did not seek free treatment, as the players were covered by insurance, but at that time <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr> Sharp did not appreciate the shortcomings of the insurance cover. In reply, Surgeon Rear Admiral Adams said there was no problem about the entitled members, but he regretted that regulations do not permit him to accept non-entitled persons in <abbr epub:type="z3998:initialism">R.N.H.</abbr> Bighi, except as emergencies, and the correct hospital for them was <abbr class="eoc" epub:type="z3998:initialism">K.G.V.</abbr> There they could be treated by naval Orthopedic or Surgical Specialists as the case required, and if they so wish. However, because of possible unacceptable delay in treatment at <abbr epub:type="z3998:initialism">K.G.V.</abbr>, by Naval Specialists, he was prepared to agree that Serious Casualties could be seen at <abbr epub:type="z3998:initialism">R.N.H.</abbr> Bighi, as emergencies in the first instance, and if in-patient treatment was required for a non-entitled patient he would be transferred to <abbr class="eoc" epub:type="z3998:initialism">K.G.V.</abbr> But, if he was unfit to move, he would be retained at Bighi at a charge of £9.5<abbr epub:type="z3998:truncation">s</abbr> a day which the <abbr epub:type="z3998:initialism">M.O.D.</abbr> laid down for non-entitled patients.</p>
				<p>On the 22nd September, 1966, it was resolved to investigate with the <abbr epub:type="z3998:initialism">R.F.U.</abbr> to obtain a more comprehensive Insurance Policy with particular reference to the payment of hospital and doctor’s fees incurred by an injured player from the time of occurrence of injury. However, on the 1st December, 1966, after a thorough investigation (with Lambert Brothers and the <abbr epub:type="z3998:initialism">R.F.U.</abbr>) it was decided that insurance to cover those players who were not entitled to Service Medical facilities was not possible at a reasonable premium. Immediately, on the 7th December, 1966, the Club started a “Sinking Fund” to help players who were injured whilst playing for the Club to meet possible expenses. £10 was transferred from the Club’s account and the match fee was raised to 2/6<abbr epub:type="z3998:truncation">d</abbr>. 1/6<abbr epub:type="z3998:truncation">d</abbr> of which went into the fund. Payment from this fund, up to 50% of expenses incurred through injury, to a maximum of £7.10<abbr epub:type="z3998:truncation">s</abbr> was given to the player. All members were asked to contribute to this fund. On the 1st April, 1971, a sum of £25 was transferred from the Club main account into the Sinking Fund.</p>
				<p>Following Jack Handford’s injury, John Hitt (Hitty) organized a “Whip Round” to cover Jack’s medical expenses. Fortunately, Jack’s employer agreed to pay his medical expenses and so the money collected was not immediately needed. In Hitty’s own words, “All in all, this is quite the best misfire I’ve ever had. From a Civil Servant that ain’t hay.” Hitty’s “Whip Round” was then paid into the Sinking Fund for future use.</p>
				<p>On the 14th October, 1971, <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Surg.</abbr> <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Cdr.</abbr> <abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">J.</abbr> Alderson, <abbr epub:type="z3998:initialism">R.N.</abbr>, was able to report in Committee that agreement had been reached with <abbr epub:type="z3998:initialism">R.N.</abbr> Hospital Mtarfa for treatment of Club Members, entitled and non-entitled, in respect of any injuries occurring to players.</p>
				<p>The Insurance Policy with Lambert Brothers lapsed on the 8th December, 1969, and the Insurance Policy with the <abbr epub:type="z3998:initialism">R.F.U.</abbr> lapsed with the British Services withdrawal early 1972 and the consequent temporary disbanding of the Overseas Club.</p>
				<!--PAGE 052-->
				<p>When the Club Rules were reformed at the <abbr epub:type="z3998:initialism">A.G.M.</abbr> 1973, the new rule 10 stated:</p>
				<blockquote>
					<p>“The Club cannot accept liability for loss, accident or injury which may occur on the field of play or on the Club premises.”</p>
				</blockquote>
				<p>On the 11th November, 1974, following discussion in the General and Rugby Section Committees, it was decided to take advantage of the <abbr epub:type="z3998:initialism">R.F.U.</abbr> offer of player’s insurance as covered in an information letter from the <abbr epub:type="z3998:initialism">R.F.U.</abbr> dated 5th July, 1974. The Overseas (Now the Overseas Rugby and Sports Club) Rugby Section took out 2 units of cover per team (2 teams) at a cost of £2.60 per unit, covering Death (£250 - £3,000) and Permanent Disablement (£1,000 - £2,000). Compensation figures quoted are for one Unit of Benefit. The weakness still remained concerning doctor’s fees for personnel not entitled to Service medical facilities, but it was felt at this time that individual insurance was the immediate problem of each individual. Unfortunately, when we tried to renew the <abbr epub:type="z3998:initialism">R.F.U.</abbr> insurance for the 1975/76 season the insurers, Sun Alliance, and London Insurance Ltd., decided that complications arise under terms of policy if cover is afforded to Clubs permanently based in an overseas country, and our application was not accepted. Players were advised to take out their own insurance.</p>
			</section>
			<section id="chapter-7-4" epub:type="z3998:subchapter">
				<h3 epub:type="title">Overseas Club Ties</h3>
				<p>On the 19th October, 1961, following a proposal in Committee, the <abbr epub:type="z3998:truncation">Hon.</abbr> Secretary, <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr> <abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">C. V.</abbr> Morris, agreed to investigate designs for a Club Tie. Sketches of a proposed design were sent to <abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">A. G.</abbr> Almond, 46, Sidney Street, Cambridge. On the 24th January, 1962, after the inevitable correspondence, counter sketches, samples of materials and patterns of actual fabric showing design, a firm order, as approved by the members, was placed with <abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">A. G.</abbr> Almond. The ties were of terylene in Navy Blue with the design of the Club Motif in white woven in. The cost to the Club was 16/6<abbr epub:type="z3998:truncation">d</abbr> each and after making allowance for payment of customs duty and post, they were sold to members at £1 each.</p>
				<p>This was the first Club tie and they were well received by members. The ties arrived in Malta during April, 1962, and by June 8th, out of a total of 152 ties, 75 were sold.</p>
				<p>In 1973 when Overseas became a Sports Club it became necessary to change the letters within the Motif from <abbr epub:type="z3998:initialism">O.R.F.C.</abbr> to <abbr class="eoc" epub:type="z3998:initialism">O.R.S.C.</abbr> The first order with the changed letters was placed with Maddocks &amp; Dicks in February, 1974, and to keep cost to members down, initially at £M1.20c, the ties were printed although still with full motif. An order was placed with the same firm in May, 1975, with the material of a lighter blue, but the next order in September of the same year saw the return to dark blue.</p>
				<p>In 1974 a special tie was made for Overseas by Badgecraft of Croydon and this was presented at the Annual Dinner Dance to <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr> <abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">J.</abbr> Sharp, a Life Member, for his untiring work for the Club. The tie had a single hand-worked Motif in silver wire on a royal blue background. The Motif was similar to that on the ordinary Club tie. In February, 1975, it was decided in<!--PAGE 053--> Committee to reserve the same design for Life Members and in March, 1975, two such ties were presented to <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr> <abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">T. N.</abbr> Ricketts and <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr> <abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">N. C.</abbr> Morgan.</p>
			</section>
			<section id="chapter-7-5" epub:type="z3998:subchapter">
				<h3 epub:type="title">Social Events 1961/62</h3>
				<p>Throughout the season various first class functions were arranged by Edgar Battye, Social Secretary, David Isted, Bar Manager, Vivian Morris, Secretary, and the Social Committee. The season opened with a Club Dance on the 4th November, 1961, and ended with an Open Air Supper Dance at the United Services Sports Club, Marsa (now called the Malta Sports Club) on the 7th July, 1962. For good measure a Supper Dance, with dancing to the <abbr epub:type="z3998:initialism">R.M.A.</abbr> Dance Band (Kirkop Brothers), was held at the Club House on the 24th March. The Annual Dinner was held at the <abbr epub:type="z3998:initialism">U.S.S.C.</abbr> on 5th April. Dancing to records took place after the meal. Other functions included Car Treasure Hunts, a Hot Pot Supper and a Roulette Night. The Social life was helped by the fact that every last Thursday in the month, as agreed at the <abbr epub:type="z3998:initialism">A.G.M.</abbr>, was a Ladies night. Added to this, functions were arranged at the Club House by the Hawks (<abbr epub:type="z3998:initialism">R.A.F.</abbr>), Overseas/Falcon (Fleet Air Arm Hal Far) and the Army <abbr epub:type="z3998:initialism">R.U.</abbr> (Malta). The Army entertained an Italian Army Rugby Team by holding a dance at the Club on the 1st March, 1962. The facilities of the Club House were certainly used.</p>
				<p>On the 29th March, 1962, it was decided to keep the Club House open on Friday evenings during April and May. The position was to be reviewed at the end of May although no decision was recorded as to whether the Club House remained open for the remainder of the Close season.</p>
				<p>In June, 1962, the General Manager of the Villa Rosa Beach Club, <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">St.</abbr> George’s Bay, <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">St.</abbr> Julians, offered Block Membership to members of Overseas <abbr epub:type="z3998:initialism">R.U.F.C.</abbr> on the basis of half the normal single subscription rate. A number of members took up the offer.</p>
				<p>During September, 1962, a Touring cricket team called “The Romany Players” requested facilities for a Dance on Saturday, 8th September. Arrangements were duly made.</p>
			</section>
		</section>
	</body>
</html>
